25004 -CRM  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
08 - 30 - 2023  
Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL PAGES: 24  
 Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
  
CORPORATE SPEAKERS:  
Michael Spencer  
Salesforce, Inc.; Executive Vice President of Investor Relations  
Marc Benioff  
Salesforce, Inc.; Co -Foun der, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer   
Sabastian Niles   
Salesforce, Inc.; President and Chief Legal Officer  
Brian Millham   
Salesforce, Inc.; President & Chief Operating Officer  
Amy Weaver  
Salesforce, Inc.; President & Chief Financial Officer  
Ariel Kelman   
Salesforce, Inc.; President & Chief Marketing Officer  
Kendall  Collin s  
Salesforce, Inc.; Chief Business Officer and Chief of Staff to the CE O 
 
 
PARTICIPANTS:  
Kasthuri Rangan  
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.; Head of Software Coverage  
Keith Weiss  
Morgan Stanley; Equity Analyst  
Kirk Materne  
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities; Senior MD & Fundamental Research Analyst  
Karl Keirstead  
UBS Investment Bank; Analyst  
Bradley Sills  
BofA Securities; Director, Analyst  
Brad Zelnick  
Deutsche Bank AG; Head of Software Equity Research and Senior US Software Research Analyst  
Brent Thill  
Jefferies LLC; Equity Analyst  
 
 
 
PRESENTATION:  Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 Operator^  Welcome to Salesforce’s Fiscal 2024 Second Quarter Results Conference Call. 
(Operator Instructions) I would like to hand over the conference to your speaker, Mike 
Spenc er, Executive Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.  
 
Michael Spencer^  Good afternoon. And thanks for joining us today on our fiscal 2024 
second quarter results conference call. Our press release, SEC filings and a replay of 
today's cal l can be found on our website. Joining me on the call today is Marc Benioff, 
Chair and CEO; Amy Weaver, Presiden t and Chief Financial Officer; and Brian Millham, 
President and Chief Operating Officer.  
 
As a reminder, our commentary today will include non -GAAP measures. Reconciliations 
between our GAAP and non -GAAP results and guidance can be found in our earnings 
materials and press release.  
 
Some of our comments today may contain forward -looking statements that are subject 
to risks, uncertainties and assu mptions, which could change. Should any of these risks 
materialize or should our assumptions prove to be incorre ct, actual company results 
could differ materially from these forward -looking statements.  
 
A description of these risks, uncertainties and assu mptions and other factors that could 
affect our financial results is included in our SEC filings including our most recent report 
on Forms 10 -K, 10 -Q and other SEC filings. Except as required by law we do not 
undertake any responsibility to update these fo rward -looking statements. And with 
that, let me hand the call over to Marc.  
 
Marc Benioff^  All right. Thanks so  much, Mike. And really appreciate everyone being 
here today. We're obviously very excited about these results and getting out there with 
all of  you. And thanks for being on this call. So listen, as we've shared with you over the 
last couple of earnings calls, Salesforce has really accelerated our transformation to 
profitable growth. I think that's super clear from the numbers, and I couldn't be m ore 
excited, especially on this huge top line beat and what our margin is looking like today.  
 
As you all know, over last year, we've been executing against these 4 key areas of our 
transformation. First, our restructuring for the short and long term. We'v e been talking 
about that since the fourth quarter call, and we're going to update you on that today. Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 Second, we're reigniting our performance culture by focusing on productivity, 
operational excellence and profitability. And Brian is going to talk about t hat today.  
 
And third, we're prioritizing the core innovations to drive customer success, and I can't 
wait to sh are with you at Dreamforce, how we're taking our core platform to a whole 
new level, showing you some incredible new enhancements to our data cl oud as well as 
new versions of Einstein and also fundamental extensions to our core platform, really 
showing how our core platform has been rebuilt so that we can take so many of these 
amazing acquisitions that we've made over the last decade and run them right inside 
the core.  
 
Our fourth priority is building even stronger relationships with our investors. That's a ll 
of you. You know how important that is to us. We probably spent more time in the last 
six or nine months with our investors than we have mayb e in the entire history of the 
company. And we've received just great feedback from all of you, and we're really 
making great progress there, and I want to especially thank Mike for everything that 
he's doing with all of you.  
 
And we're adding a fifth prio rity. And last quarter, we told you we're now driving our AI 
transformation. We're pioneering AI for both our cu stomers and ourselves, leading the 
industry through this incredible new innovation cycle, and I couldn't be happier with 
Srini and David and the  entire product and technology team for the incredible velocity 
of AI products that were released to customers this quarter, and the huge impact that 
they're making in the market and showing how Salesforce is transforming from being 
not only the number one  CRM, but to the number one AI CRM, and I just express my 
sincere gratitude to our entire T&P team.  
 
I couldn't be happier with the performance of our team delivered in the second quarter. 
The numbers basically speak for themselves. Our AI, data, CRM plus trust platform, well, 
it's propelled us to become the third largest enterprise software company by revenue in 
the world. And I think in Japan, we just became the second largest company. So 
congratulations to everyone at Salesforce and especially to our Jap anese team. And with 
our industry -leading cloud and sales service marketing commerce, our industry clouds 
powere d by Data Cloud, Einstein, Flow, Tableau, Slack, MuleSoft.  
 Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 Really, all of these are integrated into one trusted metadata -driven platform. We're  
providing more capabilities to more customers than any other CRM vendor, and I can't 
wait to show all that, as I said, at Dreamforce. That's why Salesforce is the number one 
CRM by market share based on the largest -- latest IDC software tracker. And now,  we 
are working hard to be the number one, as I said, AI CRM.  
 
Our transformation drove our second quarter resul ts, especially when it comes to our 
highest priority, as you can see, profitability. And look, we couldn't be happier to see 
these numbers. It's  incredible to see the margin acceleration in such a short period of 
time. We've exceeded our own expectations. I hope we've exceeded yours.  
 
In our second quarter, our non -GAAP operating margin rose to 31.6%. That's up over 
1,000 basis points year -over -year. And this is the second quarter in a row our operating 
margin is up 1,000 or more points year -over -year. And as you're about to hear from 
Amy, we've maintained our disciplined approach to cost management while also 
investing in growth initiatives across  our entire platform of offerings. And we're 
positioning Salesforce for the future and will continue to drive our margins and also 
while we're continuing to drive customer growth.  
 
Revenue in the second quarter was $8.6 billion. It adds up 11% year -over -year and the 
same in constant currency. And during the quarter, we had great wins with JPMorgan, 
Bayer, FedEx, Mae rsk, as well as the Department of Veterans Affairs and so many more 
you're going to hear about from Brian.  
 
Operating cash flow for Q2 was $808 million, pretty incredible. That's up 142% year -
over -year, really, very strong. And our remaining performance obligation ended the 
second quarter at $46.6 billion, that's an increase of 12% year -over -year, really amazing. 
Current remaining performance obli gation, or what we call cRPO, ended at $24.1 billion. 
That's up 12% year -over -year and 11% in constant currency.  
 
Now through the second quarter, we have returned, and this is amazing, $8 billion in 
share repurchases since we started the buyback program a year ago. So we've bought 
$8 billion of stock over the last 12 months, that is really awesome. Amy is going to talk 
more about that. And I think -- I know you realize we have a lot more to do there.  
 Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 Based on our performance and what we saw in the back hal f of the year, we're raising 
our fiscal '24 revenue guidance to $34.7 billion to $34.8 billion or about 11% proj ected 
growth year -over -year.  
 
Last quarter, we raised our fiscal year '24 non -GAAP operating margin guidance to 28%, 
and we said that we expecte d to eclipse 30% in the first quarter of fiscal '25. Well, as 
you've all seen these numbers and now I'm happy to officially share, we are accelerating 
that target again, raising our fiscal year '24 non -GAAP operating margin, 30%, an 
improvement of 750 basi s points year -over -year. It's kind of amazing, but yes, we are 
saying that we're going to deliver 30% margin for  this year. And that's an incredible 
goal.  
 
So while we thought we were going to do it next year, we're really going to do it this 
year. And it' s an amazing achievement of our whole team. It certainly has been a lot of 
work. It's been difficult. In a lot of cases, it has been a struggle. But our teams are 
incredible. And what they have done has been nothing more of miraculous, I'm down to 
see, not  only to the delivery of the 31 -plus percent growth for this quarter, but the 30% 
for the year. It's just awesom e. It's just incredible. And I'm really excited to welcome 
back to Salesforce so many boomerang employees.  
 
Boomerang employees are employees wh o were employees but for one reason or 
another left the company, got recruited away or went off to start their own companies 
or whatever. Well, a lot of these results have to do with not only our incredible 
employees that we've had in place, but a lot of f olks have really felt the desire to come 
back and help us. And I just want to say thank you to all of them. It's  been incredible to 
welcome them back.  
 
And the line is long out the door of people who have left Salesforce and want to come 
back to Salesforce , and we're welcoming all of them with open arms, especially across 
our sales, engineering, technology organization. Proven winners, incredible leaders who 
got taken out of Salesforce because they were doing incredible things. To watch them 
come back becau se they want to help us and achieve this next level of growth and 
capability and revenue and margin and in techn ology and leadership.  
 Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 Well, I just want to especially start to thank some of those, including Miguel Milano, 
who's our new Chief Revenue Office r, has just returned to us from Celonis and of 
course, Ariel Kelman, our Chief Marketing Officer, who was most recently at Oracle, and 
Kendall Collins, our Chief Business Officer, and has been my -- now my Chief of Staff and 
was, of course, had so many, ma ny executive positions at Salesforce.  
 
But this is a long list, and I can't even continue it of how many people are coming back. 
And what I love about this is that they're hitting the ground running. They make an 
immediate impact. They know the culture. Th ey understand the products. They're able 
to execute incredible agility. And so I've got the siren sound out there for all of them to 
come back and to join us.  
 
Now earlier this month, we welcomed Sabastian Niles to Salesforce as our Chief Legal 
Officer. He 's sitting here at the table right now making funny faces at me, and I wouldn't 
be happier. And I couldn't be ha ppier to have Sabastian as part of my executive 
leadership team.  
 
We met Sabastian this year. He did a lot of work with Wachtell, as a lot of y ou know, we 
won't go through the details. It's not necessary to go through that right now. The past is 
the past. But I'll tell you one of the greatest things that happened during this amazing 
period of Salesforce was meeting Sabastian and now to have him o n the leadership 
team, I couldn't be more excited and I'm thrilled to have him with us. So welcome 
Sabastian.  
 
Sabastian Niles^  Thank you.  
 
Marc Benioff^  Okay. Thank you. Those were his opening comments. AI, data, CRM, 
trust, let me tell you, we are at t he dawn of an AI revolution. And as I've said, it's a new 
innovation cycle that is sparking massive tech buying cycle over the coming years. It's 
also a new tech investment cycle. We've been involved in the earliest rounds of many of 
the top AI start -ups. Many of you have seen that. We are in there very early.  
 
But I'll tell you, this company has pioneered AI, and not just in predictive, a lot of you 
have followed up the development and growth of Einstein. But also, you've seen that 
we've published some of  the first papers on prompt engineering, in the beginnings of Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 generative AI, and we took our deep learning routes and we really demonstrated the 
potential for regenerative AI and now to see so many of these companies become so 
successful.  
 
I just saw OpenA I delivering $1 billion revenue run rate. It's just awesome to see this 
growth and especially proud that they're  right here in our hometown of San Francisco, 
which is becoming the number one AI city in the world. Very excited for our city. Now 
through our $500 million generative AI fund, we're seeing the development of ethical AI 
with amazing companies like Anthropic, Cohere, Hugging Face and so many others. And 
I just heard one of them is in negotiations to sublease1 our entire Slack building, but I' m 
not allowed to say wh o it is. But I couldn't be more excited about that because we're 
really seeing downtown San Fra ncisco become AI Central.  
 
So every CEO I've met with this year across every industry believes that AI is essential to 
improving both thei r top and bottom line, but especially their productivity. AI is just 
augmenting what we can do every single day, just thinking about myself, I have spent so 
much time on Bard over the last week, it's incredible. I was just buying some flashlights 
and I cou ldn't figure out what f lashlight I wanted to buy, and I was on Amazon trying to 
figure out what's the flashlight.  
 
And so I took a picture of the -- Amazon picture of what was happening on the app, and I 
gave it to Bard because Bard has this multimodal ca pability to ingest the photo. And 
then ingested the photo, and it told me not to buy the flashlight, that it was poor quality 
and it recommended one that was better for me. And it was incredible to see that I was 
once again working with a next generation o f artificial intelligen ce. 
 
And that is inspiring me and I think many of our customers and ultimately, all of them 
believe they can grow their businesses by becoming more connected to their customers 
than ever before through AI and at the same time, reduce  cost, increase product ivity, 
drive efficiency and exceed customer expectations through AI. And I'll tell you, every 
single management team that we have here at Salesforce, every week, we're using our 
Einstein AI to do exactly the same thing. We go back, w e're trying to augment ourselves 
using Einstein.  
 
 
1 Corrected from call.  Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 So what we'll say is, and we've been doing this now and super impre ssive, we'll say, 
"Okay, Brian, what do you think our number is?" And we'll say, "Okay, that's very nice, 
Brian. But Einstein, what do you  really think the numbe r is?" And then Einstein will say, I 
think Brian is sandbagging, and then the meeting continues. The reality is every 
company will undergo an AI transformation with the customer at the center, because 
every AI transformation begins a nd ends with the custom er, and that's why Salesforce is 
really well positioned with the future.  
 
And with this incredi ble technology, Einstein that we've invested so much in and grown 
and integrated into our core technology base, we're democratizing genera tive AI, 
making it very  easy for our customers to implement every job, every business, in every 
industry. And I will just say that in the last few months, we've injected a new layer of 
generative AI assistance across all of the Customer 360.  
 
And you can see it with our salespe ople who are now using our Sales Cloud GPT, which 
has been incredible what we've released this quarter to all of our customers and here 
inside Salesforce. And then when we see that, they all say to themselves, you know 
what, in this new world, everyone can  now be in Einstein.  
 
But democratizing generative AI at scale for the biggest brands in the world requires 
more than just these large language models and deep learning algorithms, and we all 
know that. Because a lot of our customers  kind of think and they  have tried and they go 
and they pull something off of Hugging Face. This is amazing. An amazin g company. We 
just invested in their new round and grab a model and put some data in it and nothing 
happens.  
 
And then they don't underst and and they call us an d say, "Hi, what's happening here? I 
thought that this AI was so amazing?" And it's like, "Well, it takes a lot to actually get 
this intelligence to occur." And that's what I think that's the value that Salesforce is 
bringing is that  we're really able to h elp our customers achieve this kind of 
technological superiority right out of the box just usin g our products in a low code, no 
code way.  
 
It's really just democratization of generative AI at scale. And that is really what we're 
trying to achieve that at t he heart of every one of these AI transformations becomes our Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 intelligent, integrated and incredible Salesforce platform, and we're going to show all of 
that at Dreamforce. Our platform starts and ends now with our Data Cloud, and I just 
would like to call  out the incredible Data Cloud team for what they have delivered. A lot 
of you have seen the re lease of the Data Cloud, this incredible Genie technology that we 
started really showing off last Dreamforce, but what you can see with Da ta Cloud is that 
custom ers must get their data together if they want to achieve success with AI.  
 
This is the critical first step for every single customer. And we're going to see that this AI 
revolution is really a data revolution. And you're going to se e at Dreamforce that we 're 
going to get this data cloud turned on as fast as we can and as easiest as we can for 
every  single one of our customers.  
 
This Data Cloud is incredible, what it's doing for our customers. It not only has AI built 
in, but it's rea l time, it's automated,  it's integrated with the core platform. It's not some 
separate data cloud. It's an integrated part of our platform in our metadata, in our core 
code, like our Sales Cloud, like our Service Cloud and, as you're about to soon see in o ur 
new Marketing Cloud and Commerce Cloud and of course, our core application 
development capabilities all inside our Data Cloud. No CRM platform on the planet is 
better positioned than Salesforce to use this amazing sales force and business data to 
fuel A I-powered applications because of this architecture. It's very easy for our 
customers to set up and just go.  
 
And our data cloud is so deeply integrated as part of this core metadata architecture, 
it's allowing our customers to quickly action all of their data from any source wi thout 
the costly integration project necessary with stand -alone data warehouses and data 
lakes they've been forced to buy and create more islands of information and all of these 
independent systems and independent teams versus having  one integrated data 
architecture.  
 
We're moving our customers from having islands of data to having a single source of 
truth for all of their data. This is our greatest dream. With Data Cloud and powerful 
technologies like Einstein, Flow, Lightning, Table au, MuleSoft, Slack, ou r customers, they 
can easily supercharge every application and customer experience with AI, aut omation 
and analytics at scale.  
 Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 Data Cloud continues to be our fastest -growing organic product. You're going to see the 
new version at D reamforce it's fully in tegrated with our Sales Cloud and Service Cloud 
and of course, already our Marketing Cloud and other key things. And this kind of new 
second version of Data Cloud that's coming will be fully released to the customers.  
 
And as I said,  our goal is for every customer just to be able to easily turn it on. Just in the 
second quarter, Data Cloud ingested,  and this is amazing, over 6 trillion records. It 
ingested 6 trillion records and triggered more than 1 trillion activations to drive 
cust omer engagement. And we 've always put trust at the center of everything that's 
going on in our platform, and that has never been important -- more important, I would 
say, especially now, with not only with Data Cloud, but on this AI revolution.  
 
Because th is AI revolution is a t rust revolution, everything Einstein does has also 
delivered with trust and especially ethics a t the center, and I especially want to call out 
the incredible work of our Office of Ethical and Humane Use, pioneering the use of 
ethics and technology. If you didn't read their incredible article in HBR this quarter. It 
was awesome.  
 
And they are doing incredible work really saying that it's not just about AI, it's not just 
about data, but it's also about trust and ethics. And that's why we developed this 
Einst ein trust layer. This is completely unique in the industry. It enables our customers 
to maintai n their data privacy, security, residency and compliance goals.  
 
And I can tell you, we're already at this early stage seen momentum with these amazing 
Einstein innovations. Companies like Heathrow Airport and PenFed Credit Union really 
adopted Einstein and took their Salesforce implementations to another level in the 
quarter. Heathrow is a great example of transformative power of AI, data, CRM and 
trust and the p ower of a single source of truth.  
 
They have 70 million passengers who pass through their term inal annually, I'm sure 
many of you have been one of those passengers. I have as well. Heathrow is operating 
in a tremendous scale, managi ng the entire airport e xperience with the Service Cloud, 
Marketing Cloud, Commerce Cloud, but now Heathrow, they've added Data Cloud also, 
giving them a single source of truth for every customer interaction and setting them up 
to pioneer the AI revolution.  Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
  
And with Einstein, He athrow's service agents now have this AI -assisted generating 
replies to service inquiries, case  deflection, writing case summaries, all the relevant 
data and business context coming from Data Cloud.  
 
We're doing so much incredible a n exciting innovative w ork in service with Data Cloud 
and with our Service Cloud, and AI is going to show us a whole new vision for the future 
of service and what our Service Cloud can do for customers, not only with delivering 
high -quality customer servic e, but delivering incre dible new levels of productivity. This 
is saving their agents huge amounts of time and effort. This is the power of Salesforce.  
 
I've never been more excited about the future of our industry, the power and future of 
our company, the potential to help all o f our customers and also especially our team, 
the quality of our team, especially fueled by all these amazing new boomerangs, and 
you're going to see it all at Dreamforce. Dreamforce is right around the corner, 
September 12 through 1 4 right here in San Fra ncisco.  
 
I'm looking forward to welcoming each and every one of you to Dreamforce. I'm right 
now at the top of Salesforce Tower in San Francisco. We're going to bring you up here. 
We'll bring you through Moscone. We'll show you our incredible downtown.  
 
And I'll tell you, this isn't just the largest enterprise tech conference this year, it's going 
to be the world's largest AI conference and the largest gathering of AI experts. We'll 
have many of the world's top AI thinkers, including  Sam Altman and his ama zing OpenAI 
company, incredible what he's doing; Anthropic CEO, Dario Amodei, who's one of his 
alumni who left OpenAI to start Anthropic, amazing company.  
 
Stanford's Fei -Fei Li, amazing researcher and visionary leader of AI and pres enting some 
of the -- into some of the 1,500 Dreamforce Conference sessions, it's really awesome 
what we're going to see here with AI and Dreamforce. And we're going to take 
everyone's skills to a whole another level. And we'll also share our vision for th e future 
of CRM, the ne xt generation of Data Cloud and Einstein. And we're also going to have 
the Foo Fighters. They a re going to play our Dreamforce Benefit Concert.  
 Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 Dave Matthews is going to play my dinner the night before. Hopefully, we're going to 
see him at the conference,  some incredible ways. And we can't wait to get you all here 
and to show you what's happening at Salesforce, what's happening in AI, what's 
happening in San Francisco. And it's going to be an amazing event, and we're just a few 
days away. And now let me tu rn it over to Brian.  
 
Brian Millham^  Thanks, Marc, particularly for the sandbagging comment. I  really 
appreciate it. Our focus...  
 
Marc Benioff^  It wasn't me. It was Einstein.  
 
Brian Millham^  Sorry. Yes.  
 
Marc Benioff^  So just kn ow, it is what it is, B rian.  
 
Brian Millham^  Got it. Our focus on operational...  
 
Marc Benioff^  That's the AI revolution coming at you, baby. So get ready.  
 
Brian Millham^  Okay. Our focus on operational excellence, high performance and 
growth initiative s drove another strong quarter. We continued our disciplined approach 
to cost management and efficiencies, removing co mplexity from our business to drive 
top and bottom line improvements. Every customer I met with in the quarter made it 
clear they are lase r-focused on driving gr eater productivity, quick time to value and 
business growth.  
 
We see AI CRM as the answer -- they all see AI CRM as the answer to those priorities, 
and we're making it easier and faster for our customers to unleash the power of trust ed 
generative AI safely  and at scale. We're innovating faster than ever with AI plus data 
plus CRM plus the trust plat form. We also have the most complete product portfolio 
with Customer 360 delivering mission -critical outcomes for our customers.  
 
And you' ve heard from Marc, Dat a Cloud is supercharging our product portfolio, 
servicing real -time customer data in the flow of work around sales, service, marketing 
and commerce.  Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
  
That's why more than 90% of the Fortune 100 rely Salesforce on average more than 5  of 
our clouds. Amid th e ongoing measured buying environment, compression of larger 
transformational deals continued i n the quarter, affecting our professional services 
growth. Despite that, we exceeded top and bottom line expectations in Q2. This is a 
reflection of our proven g o-to-market strategy and focus on customer success.  
 
Our high -performance culture continues to drive results, and I'm proud of how well the 
team executed in the quarter. Our growth initiatives across core products, data, AI, 
services , industries and intern ational are driving our success.  
 
In the quarter, we saw consistent demand in our core busines s, and we continue to 
benefit from customers consolidating their technology platforms to reduce complexity, 
drive efficiency and growth. 6  of our top 10 wins in the quarter included 5 or more 
clouds. And as you'll hear from Amy, we're deepening our relationships with multi -cloud 
customers who are running their businesses on Salesforce and realizing tremendous 
value from having one integrated  AI-powered CRM platfor m. 
 
Schneider Electric has been using Customer 360 for over a decade, enhancing customer 
engage ment, service and efficiency. With Einstein, Schneider has refined demand 
generation, reduced close times by 30%. Through Salesforce Flow,  they've automated 
orde r fulfillment. And with Service Cloud, they're handling over 8 million support 
interactions annually, much of it done on our self -service offering.  
 
In Q2, Schneider selected Marketing Cloud to further personalize the customer 
experi ence. In the quarter, w e saw add -on products like sales performance 
management, digital service, self -service and mark eting engagement grow 40%. And to 
help our smaller business customers achieve faster time to value, we introduced a new 
product called Sal esforce Starter in Q2, bringing sales, service and marketing into 1 
integrated offering for our small business customers.  
 
As Marc said, Data Cloud is one of our fastest -growing organic innovations ever, and it 
lets customers unlock the power of their data  to supercharge every a pplication and 
customer experience with AI, automation and analytics. This is driving our stron g 
momentum.  Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
  
Data Cloud was in 5 of our top 10 deals in the quarter, and we saw great wins at 
companies like SiriusXM and KPMG. In the qu arter, FedEx made a sig nificant investment 
in Salesforce by adding Data Cloud. FedEx has long relied on multiple clouds from 
Salesforce, including sales, service, marketing and Einstein. Now with Data Cloud turned 
on, every part of Salesforce is deeply int egrated to drive growth  and deliver more 
targeted customer engagement and personalized experiences.  
 
We're also seeing  strong customer momentum on Einstein generative AI. PenFed is a 
great example of how AI plus data plus CRM plus trust is driving growth f or our 
customers. PenFe d is one of the largest credit unions in the U.S., growing at a rate of the 
next nine credit unions combined. They're already using Financial Services Cloud, 
Experience Cloud and MuleSoft, and our Einstein -powered chatbots handling 4 0,000 
customer service sessions per month.  
 
In fact, today, PenFed resolves 20% of their cases on first contact with E instein -powered 
chatbots, resulting in a 223% increase in chatbot activity in the past year with incredible 
ROI. In Q2, PenFed expanded wi th Data Cloud to unify all the customer data from its 
nearly 3 million members and increase their use of Einstein to roll out generative AI 
assistant for every single one of their service agents.  
 
In the quarter, we also had great wins in Tableau, Slack an d MuleSoft, with Tablea u 
continuing to be a tailwind to our revenue growth. In Q2, nearly half of our greater than 
$1 million deals included MuleSoft.  
 
And as customers bring together data from all sources to fuel efficiency, growth and 
insights, MuleSoft  has become mission -critical for them and was included in half of our 
top 10 deals. We've seen excellent usage growth in our automation products, including 
Slack, which now which has now launched nearly 182 million  workflows weekly, 71% 
increase year -over -year. 
 
Our industry verti cals continue to be a growth lever for us. And for the third consecutive 
quarter, eight of our industry clouds grew at ARR above 50%. We also saw -- we saw 
strong growth internationally with wins like Hargreaves Lansdown in EMEA, Dep artment 
 
2 Corrected from call.  Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 of Education in  Victoria in APAC, Banco Carrefour in LatAm. And I'm excited to reiterate 
Marc said earlier about Japan now being the second largest software business in the 
country, just incredible growth . 
 
As we head into the second half of the ye ar, we are leading the way as the number one 
AI CRM, with a path -- sorry, with the pace of innovation at an all -time high. Our focus on 
customer success drives our own success, accelerating revenue and profitability. The 
full power of Salesforce and our i ncredible community of Trailblazers, experts and 
partners will be on display at Dreamforce next month. I hope to see you all there. Amy, 
over to you.  
 
Amy Weaver^  Thank you, Brian. Our Q2 results show that we co ntinue to make great 
progress in our four, n ow five, key areas of t ransformation, delivering another quarter 
of top and bottom line expansion. As you can see in our results, we're delivering against 
our transformation, driving profitable growth and shareholder value, and we are well 
positioned for t he future, with the num ber one AI CRM. Our execution against our 
profitable growth framework drove our Q2 results.  
 
So let's start with the top line commentary. For the second quarter, revenue was $8.6 
billion, u p 11% year -over -year and the same in constan t currency. The growth was 
primarily driven by continued MuleSoft momentum, solid sales and service 
performance and a modest FX tailwind. This was partially offset by some continued 
weakness in professional services.  
 
The durability of our business model and our continued multi -cloud expansion strategy 
reflects the mission -critical nature of our unified platform. This is evidenced by the 
more than 450 customers who invest more than $10 million annually and averag e 7 
clouds. And in the last five years, the number of $10 million -plus customers has tripled, 
and their average number of clouds has nearly doubled.  
 
From a geographic perspective, the Americas revenue grew 10%. EMEA grew 13% or 11% 
in constant currency, and APAC grew 20% or 24% in constant currency . We saw strong 
new bus iness growth internationally, highlighted by Canada, France and India, while the 
United States continues to be constrained.  
 Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 From an industry perspective, manufacturing, automotive and ener gy saw greater 
resilience, while high tech a nd retail and consumer goods were more measured. Q2 
revenue attrition ended the quarter at approximately 8%. In Q2, our non -GAAP 
operating margin rose to 31.6%, up 1,000 basis points or more for the second quarter in 
a row. The margin improvement was drive n by savings from our r estructuring actions, 
strength in revenue and investment timing.  
 
I am very proud of our progress. Our disciplined approach to cost management has 
allowed us to exceed our 30% non -GAAP marg in target three quarters early. Q2 
operating  cash flow was $808 mil lion, up 142% year -over -year. Q2 free cash flow was 
$628 million, up 379% year -over -year. The upside in cash flow was driven by stronger 
collections than expected and lower cash outflows tied to the Q2 margin benefits we 
just discuss ed. 
 
Now turning to rem aining performance obligation, RPO, which represents all future 
revenue under contract, ended Q2 at $46.6 billion, up 12% year -over -year. Current 
remaining performance obligation, or cRPO, ended at $24.1 billion, up 12% year -over -
year and 11% in constant c urrency. This was ahead of expectations, notably due to the 
momentum in MuleSoft. As we called out last quarter, cRPO growth did include a 1 point 
headwind from professional services.  
 
And finally, we continue to deliver on our capit al return commitment. I n Q2, we 
returned $1.9 billion in the form of share repurchases, bringing the total return to more 
than $8 billion, representing more than 48 million shares since the program was 
initiated just last August.  
 
Before turning to guidanc e, I wanted to briefly touch on the current macro 
environment. As you heard from Brian, the measured macro environment continues to 
impact customer decision -making. And we are still seeing elongated sales cycles, 
additional deal approval layers and deal co mpression in our subscr iption and support 
and professional services businesses. These factors are incorporated in our guidance.  
 
Let's start with fiscal year '24. On revenue, we are raising our guidance to $34.7 billion 
to $34.8 billion, representing 11% g rowth year -over -year in  both nominal and constant 
currency. The increase is driven by strength in our subscription and support revenue, Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 particularly in MuleSoft. We are accelerating our transformation to profitable growth. 
For fiscal year '24, we are pleas ed to raise non -GAAP op erating margin guidance to 30%, 
representing a 750 basis point improvement year -over -year.  
 
As Marc highlighted, we're in a new AI era, a new innovation cycle that we will continue 
to inves t into as we have over the last decade. As a  result, we expect nonl inear 
quarterly margins in the back half of this year, driven by investment timing, specifically 
in AI -focused R&D. We also remain focused on stock -based compensation and expected 
to improve this year to slightly above 8% as a percen t of revenue.  
 
As a res ult of these updates, we now expect fiscal year '24 GAAP diluted EPS of $3.50 to 
$3.52, including estimated charges for the restructuring of $1.11. Non -GAAP diluted EPS 
is now expected to b e $8.04 to $8.06. We are raising our fiscal year '24 operating cash  
flow growth guidance to approximately 22% to 23%. This continues to include a 14 to 16 -
point headwind from restructuring.  
 
As a reminder, we expect to see an increase in our cash taxes in fiscal year '24 as we 
draw down our remainin g net operating losses.  We expect an even greater cash tax 
headwind next fiscal year as we draw down our remaining tax credit carryforward. 
CapEx for the fiscal year is expected to be slightly below 2.5% of reven ue. This results in 
free cash flow growth of  approximately 24% to 2 5% for the fiscal year.  
 
Now to guidance for Q3. On revenue, we expect $8.7 billion to $8.72 billion, growth of 
approximately 11% or 10% in constant currency. cRPO growth for Q3 is expected to be 
slightly above 11% year -over -year in nominal and slightly ab ove 10% in constant 
currency. We continue to expect professional services headwinds of approximately 1 
point to cRPO growth.  
 
As a reminder, Q3 is the first full quarter we lapped the measu red buying environment 
that we first began t o see in July of last y ear. While we expect bookings growth to begin 
to normalize, cRPO will continue to be materially impacted by the cumulative effect of 
the previous five quarters of measured sales performance.  
 
For Q3, we expect GAAP EPS of $1.02 to $1 .03. And non -GAAP EPS o f $2.05 to $2.06. And 
as we focus on shareholder return and disciplined capital allocation, we continue to Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 expect to fully offset our stock -based compensation dilution through our share 
repurchases in fiscal year '24.  
 
In closing, I want to thank our share holders for their continued support. As we laid out 
for you two quarters ago, we have radically accelerated our transformation to profitable 
growth. We've maintained our disciplined approach to cost management while 
continuing to mak e strategic investments , notably in our new data and AI capabilities.  
 
And finally, I hope you're able to attend Dreamforce, whether in person or virtually, to 
hear the latest on the incredible AI innovation our team is delivering. As Marc said, it's 
going  to be the AI event of the year. Now Mike, let's open up the call for questions.  
 
Michael Spencer^  Thanks, Amy. [Emma], we'll go to move to Q&A portion of our call 
now. Out of respect for others on the call, we ask everyone to ask only one question. 
[Emma ], please?  
 
 
+++q -and-a 
Operator^  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Kash 
Rangan with Goldman Sachs.  
 
Kasthuri Rangan^  The team has done a spectacular job doing a soft landing, n ot to use 
an overused term with respect to t he economy. So that's c ost controls, operating 
discipline, et cetera. So really congratulations on that. And I hope that Dreamforce 
continues to stay in San Francisco, Marc.  
 
A question for you is we got all this tremendous new product excitement. We've go t 
generative AI capabil ities. The spending environment seems to be sort of stabilizing. The 
economy does have a soft landing. Do you think Salesforce has maximized its customer 
wallet share? Or do you think there 's more share to gain and therefore, there a re better 
days ahead?  
 
Because we've seen the margin story play out very, very impressively. Is there -- is sales 
-- can Salesforce get back to the days of growth, not hyper growth, but is there enough 
room in the market, enough customer wallet share? And  seemingly there's enou gh Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 product excitement with generative AI. So if you net it all out, can we still do a nice job 
with margins while still having a shot at growing even faster when economic conditions 
are no longer a constraint. Congratulations.  
 
Marc Benioff^  Kash, thanks so much, and we're looking forward to seeing you at 
Dreamforce. We're really excited, and I think you're going to be super excited when you 
see these new AI products. And when we talk about growth, I think it's going to start 
with AI . I think that AI is ab out to really ignite a buying revolution. I think we've already 
started to see that with our customers and even some of these new companies like 
OpenAI. And we certainly see that in our cus tomers' base as well.  
 
I think you also know  we've definitely seen in the last several quarters a measured 
buying environment. That's also been true, not just at Salesforce, but I think for the vast 
majority of our peers that you follow. And I think that you've also called that out a 
number of times . And I certainly expec t that to abate, especially as customers begin to 
adopt these new AI technologies and understand they need to invest and grow to be 
able to achieve this kind of next level of productivity.  
 
Now all that said, we've also seen this ama zing growth in a number  of our core 
technologies and our products, and I would especially like to call out the incredible 
success of MuleSoft over the last several quarters because that is a product that has far 
exceeded our expectations, especially and in cluding several of our geographies as well. 
So this is not something that is quite permeated everywhere, but there are some 
isolated areas.  
 
And I really think that Dreamforce is going to become a catalyst for ou r customers to 
see this opportunity to grow with us, to see these n ew products, these new 
technologies. Data Cloud is just one example of many new areas that Salesforce 
investments can happen with customers. And I'm sure that as they start to reignite their 
IT-buying budgets in this kind of post -pandemic hangover that's k ind of occurred, I think 
as we kind of get to this next level, we're going to see it driven by artificial intelligence. 
Brian, what's your perspective?  
 
Brian Millham^  Yes, Kash, thanks fo r the question. I think we've outlined in pr evious 
calls a growth s trategy, it's three -pronged, one around expanding our multi -cloud Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 customers, and with new technology like AI and Data Cloud, there's a huge opportunity 
for us to go back to our customers and expand the number of clouds that they're u sing, 
a big growth oppo rtunity to drive more value for our customers and certainly more 
success for us as well.  
 
International acceleration continues a big opportunity for us, and we think there's 
plenty of room to run in the international markets. We're g oing to continue to foc us our 
efforts there and make investments as we see appropriate. Obviously, we'd love to see 
the economy turn a bit. And then finally, on industries. You heard me say 8 of our 
industry clouds grew greater than 50% in the quarter. It' s remarkable the impact  we're 
having with our industry products. So deeper investments in industries as well will 
continue to propel the growth of this business.  
 
Marc Benioff^  And I think I would be remiss if I  didn't call on Ariel Kelman who's sitting 
here at the table with u s to talk about Dreamforce and to also talk about a number of 
the incredible new technologies that are appearing. So Ariel, can you give us a little bit 
of an insight to what you -- what we're going to see in some of these catalysts or 
amazing next level o f growth for Salesforce that are going to occur.  
 
Ariel Kelman^  Yes, we're very excited about next week's Dreamforce conference. 
Hopefully, all of you can join us. As Marc said, it's going  to be the biggest AI event of the 
year. We have a tremendous lineu p of speakers, both some of the most technical 
companies and the technical speakers of those companies and people to help the 
broader business community understand what they can do with AI all across our 
Customer 360 range of product s. 
 
We're going to have  sessions for salespeople, for marketing people, for customer 
service people to really teach them and inspire them on how they can use AI to really 
advance their capabilities with the techn ology we've built directly in our product in  the 
flow of work so th ey can take advantage of it immediately.  
 
Marc Benioff^  Ariel, you've been back now for what has it been, a couple of months 
now, 1 month? How long has it been?  
 
Ariel Kelman^  It has been since the beginning of June, it's about 3 m onths.  Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
  
Marc Benioff^  Three months. So tell us what's been your biggest surprise being back at 
Salesforce?  
 
Ariel Kelman^  My biggest surprise is that the energy of all the people here is, in some 
ways, just as inspiring and energizing as it was when I wa s here 12 years ago tha t this 
passion about the mission we're on and the high standards for the technology that we 
build is really -- has been very, very refreshing from having been in some other 
companies.  
 
Marc Benioff^  Well, we were sorry to lose you t o Amazon and then to Or acle, but we're 
happy to have you back here. So welcome back. Okay, Michael.  
 
Michael Spencer^  Thanks, Kash. Emma, we'll take the next question please.  
 
Operator^  Your next question comes  from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan St anley.  
 
Keith Weiss^  I  echo Kash's congratulations on a solid quarter, particularly on the 
margin side of the equation, where you guys really outperformed expectations. And my 
question is around kind of margins on a go -forward basis. You achieved your tar gets 
well ahead of plan , 3 quarters ahead of plan, as you guys stated. But there's also a big 
opportunity ahead.  
 
And Marc, you talked a lot about this transformational opportunity ahead with 
generative AI. So ho w should we be thinking about the balance be tween investing for 
that generative AI opportunity versus further kind of margin gains on a go -forward 
basis into the back half of this year and potentially into next year as you guys balance 
these 2 opportunities and goals.  
 
Marc Benioff^  Well, I really would like to just dire ctly address that, which is what you're 
really speaking to is this incredible opportunity ahead, and generative AI is really that 
opportunity, but also many other opportunities, including d ata. I really think that there 
are some unbe lievable opportunities ahead.  
 Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 It's going to be incredible to see what we're going to be able to do. And I think that the 
question is, exactly as you said it, how much are we going to really unleash the 
fundamental growth of the company against commitment s that we have made to our 
investors to continue to deliver profitable growth.  
 
I think that at the very fundamental level, starting with our Investor Day last 
Dreamforce, we told you that we are committed to pro fitable growth. And now you can 
see that we were serious. It wasn't  a joke. We did a number of things. We curtailed 
things. We made changes structurally to the company, short -term and long -term issues. 
And we're still doing things, by the way, to do that.  
 
At the same time, we see this incredible op portunity that's out in  the industry, new 
companies that are emerging as well as, of course, all kinds of unusual public company 
dislocation. So we're watching all of those things. But number one is going to be o ur 
commitment to you.  
 
Nothing is more impo rtant than the trust th at we have with our investors. Number two 
is, we are very thirsty to make sure that Salesforce is the #1 AI CRM, and we have done a 
lot organically to do that in the last 6 months. Of course, there's things out there that 
we could do  to help us with inorga nic as well. We're looking at those things. We're 
looking at everything, but nothing is going to ever trump the trust that we have with all 
of you.  
 
Amy Weaver^  Keith, I would just add, ye s, when we did the restructuring, it was nev er 
just for the bottom line. We also made changes so that we were -- we'd have the 
resources to invest in the areas that we believe are going to drive the highest growth for 
the company. And we've been very disciplined in our approach to spending this quar ter, 
but we want to lea n into these opportunities, especially around AI, around data and 
around our core.  
 
And as a result, you will see that our increase in guidance to 30% does imply slightly 
nonlinear progress ion this year. And in terms of the future, a s we look forward, 
unde rscore everything Marc said about our commitments. And as I said last time, I 
really believe 30% annually is a floor, not a ceiling.  
 Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 Operator^  Your next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore.  
 
Kirk Materne^  I guess, Amy, I've had a lot of questions just on the impact of the pricing 
actions that you all announced earlier this -- over the summer. How that -- if that had 
any impact on the quarter? And then how are you th inking about that in terms of the 
guidance f or the back half of thi s year?  
 
Amy Weaver^  Great. Thanks for the question. So on guidance for this year, I have taken 
into account the pricing uplift as well as any changes from our new -- or opportunities 
around AI. I will say that neither has a signifi cant influence on our g uidance for this 
year. I think that those opportunities really take a while to roll through our customer 
base, particularly on pricing as we look to renewal. Brian, anything else you would like 
to add to that?  
 
Brian Millham^  No, ex actly that. We're going  to see the impact of our price increase 
really hit the customer base over the next one to two to three years. So no big material 
change in this fiscal year.  
 
Operator^  Your next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with U BS. 
 
Karl Keirstead^  M aybe to Marc and/or Amy, with head count down 11% now, and as 
you talked about, Marc, welcoming back from our employees, do you feel like you've 
rightsized the head count now at the 70,000 level? Has it sort of bottomed? And if you 
feel like there's an opp ortunity for it to stabilize or start growing again, is that a signal, 
Marc, that you feel like your growth rate here at 11% this year is at or near a bottom?  
 
Marc Benioff^  Well, I think it's such a great question. It's something t he management 
team is t alking about every single day because we are continuing to grow and invest in 
our headcount, especially in AI.  
 
Also, I think I mentioned we are doing so much incredible innovation work on  our core, 
and we've commanded our engineeri ng teams to accelerate their work in moving all of 
our acquisitions into our core, especially our marketing products and commerce 
products and Data Cloud, all of which we plan to show you at Dreamforce and to 
accelerate that work, and that's extremely impo rtant to us.  Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
  
And also Brian has a number of products and geographies that are growing and we've 
also commanded him to invest in his growth. So we are continuing to grow our 
headcount, but we are also facing norm alized attrition, of course, with headcount,  
that's also part of it .  
 
And so as those -- both of those things get rebalanced, you'll continue to see our head 
count adjust and move forward. I don't know if we can call this as a bottom exactly yet 
or if it's -- but we're not planning any other major restructuring efforts i n the company 
today like what we saw earlier this year. We hope that, that is one and done and behind 
us. 
 
Operator^  Your next question comes from the line of Brad Sills with Bank of Ameri ca 
Securities.  
 
Bradley Sills^  I wanted to ask another question he re on AI. The opportunities here are 
just so exciting across the stack. With Sales GPT, you've highlighted content automation, 
call summary, sales assistance, Service GPT, auto replies, summaries and scheduling. 
Just when you look ac ross the Salesforce sta ck, where do you see the most opportunity 
here across sales, service, marketing, commerce and the core based on the activity that 
you're seeing today from customers with the early release o f the product?  
 
Marc Benioff^  Well, thank y ou so much for that. An d let me just say, we're at the 
beginning of quite a ballgame here, and we're really looking at the evolution of artificial 
intelligence in a broad way, and you're really going to see it take place over four major 
zones.  
 
And the fir st major zone is what's  played out in the last decade, which has been 
predictive. That's been amazing. That's why Salesforce will deliver about 1 trillion 
transactions on Einstein this week. It's incredible.  
 
These are mostly predictive transactions, but we're moving rapidly in to the second zone 
that we all know is generative AI and these GPT products, which we've now released to 
our customers. We're very excited about the speed of our engineering organization and Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 technology organization, our product organ ization and their abili ty to deliver customer 
value with generative AI.  
 
We have tremendous AI expertise led by an incredible AI research team. And this idea 
that we're kind of now in a generative zone means that 's zone number two. But as 
you're going to s ee at Dreamforce, zone number three is opening up with autonomous 
and with agent -based systems as well. This will be another level of growth and another 
level of innovation that we haven't really seen unfold yet from a lot of companies, and 
that's an area that we are excited to do a lot of innovation and growth and help our 
customers in all those areas.  
 
And then we're eventually going to move into AGI and that will be the fourth area. And I 
think as we move throu gh these four zones, CRM will become more im portant to our 
customer s than ever before. Because you're going to be able to get more automation, 
more intelligence, more productivity, more capabilities, more augmentation of your 
employees, as I mentioned.  
 
And you're right, we're going to see a wide va riety of capabilities e xactly like you said, 
whether it's the call summaries and account overviews and deal insights and insight 
summaries and in -product assistance or mobile work briefings. I mean, when I look a t 
things like service, when we see the amoun t of case deflection we  can do and 
productivity enhancements with our service teams not just in replies and answers, but 
also in summaries and summarization. We've seen how that works with generative and 
how important that is in knowledge generation and au to-responding conversat ions.  
 
And then we're going to have the ability for our customers to, with our product, we have 
an open system. We're not we're not dictating that they have to use any one of these AI 
syste ms. We have an ecosystem.  
 
Of course, we ha ve our own models and o ur own technology that we have given to our 
customers, but we're also investing in all of these companies, and we plan to be able to 
offer them as opportunities for those customers as well, and they'll be able to deliver all 
kinds of  things. And you'll see  that, whether it's going to end up being contract 
digitization and cost generation or survey generators or all kinds of campaign 
assistance.  Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
  
And the most recently in our world tour in Lon don, we showed how our Data Cloud did 
automa tic marketing segmentat ion, that was incredible. And you're going to see a lot 
more that's going to happen in all of these things. A lot of it, you can see happening in 
Slack. Slack has become incredible for these AI companies. Every AI company that we've 
met with is a Slack com pany. All of them make their agents available for Slack first. We 
saw that, for example, with Anthropic, where Cloud really appeared first and Cloud 2 
first then Slack.  
 
And then Anthropic,  as a company, uses Slack internally and the y have a -- they take 
their technology and develop news digest every day and newsletters and they do 
incredible things with Slack. Because Slack is just a treasure trove of information for 
artificial intelligence, and you'll see us deliver all kinds of new  capabilities in Slack along 
these lines.  
 
And we're working, as I've mentioned, get Slack to wake up and become more aware 
and also for Slack to be able to do all of the things that I just mentioned. One of the 
most exciting things I think you're going to  see a Dreamforce is Sl ack very much as a 
vision for the front end of all of our core products. We're going to show you an 
incredible new capability that we call Slack Sales Elevate, which is promoting our core 
Sales Cloud system running right inside Slack . 
 
That's going to be a mazing, and we're going to also see how we're going to release and 
deliver all of our core services in Salesforce through Slack. This is very important for our 
company to deliver Slack very  much as a tremendous, tremendous easy -to-use interface 
on the core  Salesforce, but also all these AI systems. So all of that is that next 
generation of artificial intelligence capability, and I'm really excited to show all of that to 
you at Dreamforce as well as Data Cloud as well.  
 
Operator^  Your  next question comes fr om the line of Brad Zelnick with Deutsche Bank.  
 
Brad Zelnick^  Great. And congrats in particular to Amy and the whole team on 
overachieving on profitability. My question, Marc, is for you.  I wanted to drill down at 
the Data Cloud be cause the things we kee p hearing from partners suggest that the 
interest level just keeps building and building. Can you talk about the pipeline and Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 scope of these projects and how this generative AI moment is impacting the 
opportunity? And why Salesforce is well positioned as t he partner of choice, especially 
in the context of trust?  
 
Marc Benioff^  Well, especially as we said on the call as well, which is that we've said this 
is about AI, this is about data, thi s is about CRM and this is about trust. Thos e four 
things have to c ome together as 1 thing. And that's what we call Salesforce. That's a 
modern version of Salesforce, is AI plus data plus CRM plus trust. And I think that is 
really a moment that we have to like really get clear and show that to custo mers. We've 
tried to re ally book the last six months.  
 
Obviously, we're going through a huge transformation with all of you. But you can see 
we've also gone through an incredible technology transformation around artificial 
intelligence to the point where w e got these products ou t was awesome and let our 
customers really get into it and see what they can and cannot do and what they're 
excited about and how they want to move these products forward and what we think is 
going to be the future of AI.  
 
And it's t hese 4 things together that are going to fundamentally help us. And I think 
Data Cloud, you're 100% right, is going to be the heart of it. Well, certainly, it's a huge 
revenue opportunity for us because as you he ard from Brian, customers who have Sales 
Cloud and they've got Serv ice Cloud and they've got Marketing Cloud, and they're using 
our platform. Maybe they have Commerce Cloud as well, and now they're adding Data 
Cloud. And as these clouds get stacked with these customers', attrition falls, customers 
become more successful, they develop a single source of truth.  
 
And our job is to get all of these things running on our core and getting all of these 
things ignited with artificial intelligence. So I was very exc ited to recruit back as my 
Chief of Staff an d as my Chief Business Officer, Kendall Collins. So Kendall, can you just 
give us a little insight on the vision of Dreamforce and what we're going to see for Data 
Cloud and some of these amazing clouds and why everyone should get excited about 
what's abou t to happen over the ne xt couple of weeks when everyone gets here into 
San Francisco on September 12?  
 Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 Kendall  Collin s^  Yes, Marc, it's great to be back. It's been about 4 months and just 
amazing to see the energy of Salesforce, a company with the right val ues and I think the 
right people and really at the right time for generative. What you said about AI is so 
compelling because it's not just about one cloud. It's about making every cloud better, 
seeing that Sales GPT, Marketing GPT, Commerce GPT went live last week. And 
Dreamfor ce is going to be exciting.  
 
Marc Benioff^  Well, I'm really excited as well. And I'll tell y ou, you're sitting next to 
Sabastian Niles, our new Chief Legal Officer, just joined us from Wachtell. Sabastian, 
we're happy to have you he re live for the first e arnings call and welcome to Salesforce. 
And I know this is going to be your first Dreamforce and give us a vision of what you're 
excited about for the future.  
 
Sabastian Niles^  I'd say whether it's Dreamforce or sort of looking ahea d, what I've 
been most excited about is how our values, trust, customer success, innovation, 
equality, sustainabilit y are truly infused within our culture.  
 
And that these values, they're powering our customer journeys, they're powering our 
commitment to our investors, they're powering our commitment to all stakeholders. 
And I think certainly, as we look ahead, whether it's in the next several months, the next 
several years, the next 10 years and beyond, it's these values that are going to underlie 
how AI evolves.  
 
And how at le ast for sophisticated enterprises, and I think for all enterprises and even 
individual human beings, they will choose to partner with the companies and 
organizations who are putting trust first and are deploying and incorporating tru st 
throughout the techn ology life cycle, whether that's design of technology, deployment 
of technology, development, service and monitoring, and I could not be more excited by 
what I see ahead.  
 
Marc Benioff^  Well, I couldn't be more excited to have you o n our new management 
team and kind of the evolution of our team here at Salesforce. And thank you for all the 
help t hat you've given us also in the last six months, especially with all of our investors. 
Michael?  
Operator^  Your question comes from Brent T hill with Jefferies.  Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
  
Brent Thill^  Marc, 12% cRPO growth the last two quarters. With AI building into the 
model, do you believe long term you can reaccelerate this to a 15% to 20% growth 
business?  
 
Marc Benioff^  Well, I'll tell you that's certainly on my  mind every single day.  And you're 
right, I'm a growth CEO. So that's what I like to do. I like to grow. I mean that 's been 
about growing margins for the last six months, so that's a reframe for me. But we've 
grown this business to these incredible revenue  numbers this year, thi rd largest 
software company in the world.  
 
And as we kind of head into these incredible next levels of capability, I'm very excited 
about the future. And there's lots and lots of ways to move the top line forward.  
 
But I'll tell you , now I am quite addict ed to the bottom line as well. And also, as I said 
earlier, there's nothing more important th an the trust that I have with all of our 
stakeholders, including our investors.  
 
So I want to make sure that we fulfill our commitments and  promises to all of you , just 
as we have in the last three earnings calls, we've delivered exactly as we've told you we 
are going to do, and we're going to continue to do that.  
 
At the same time, you know that I am thinking about how are we going to move t his ball 
forward and do wn the field with these incredible opportunities in front of us. So it's very 
much has to be a balanced equation to make this right, to make it right for us and to 
make it right for you, and I'd love to have that conversation in more  depth in the next 
coup le of weeks.  
 
As we all come to Dreamforce, I hope you'll seek me out and find me and let's have that 
conversation one -on-one, just as we have been having in the last 6 months. I want to do 
what I've been doing for the last couple of  quarters, which is to express my sincere 
gratitude to all of you and our investors have been a critical part. You'v e had key 
insights, many of which we did not have ourselves on things that we could do to make 
us an even stronger company.  
 Salesforce   
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
 
 And we've done that, I'm sure you can see that in the numbers. There's never been a 
software company quite like this at this level. Even now as we start to cross into these 
incredible numbers, in the mid -$30 billion numbers, the strength of the company has 
never been hig her, and now we have th is incredible opportunity with AI ahead.  
 
Michael Spencer^  Thanks, Brent. And thanks everyon e, for joining us today. We look 
forward to seeing everyone hopefully at Dreamforce in a few weeks.  
 
Operator^  This concludes today's confe rence call. You may now  disconnect.  