  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Salesforce, Inc.  
 
First Quarter  FY23  Earnings Conference Call  
 
May 3 1, 202 2 
  
1 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesforce, Inc. – First Qua rter FY23 Earnings C onference Call, May 31, 2022  
 
 
C O R P O R A T E   P A R T I C I P A N T S  
 
 
Evan Goldstein , Senior Vice President, Investor Relations  
 
Marc Benioff , Chair  and Co-Chief Executive Officer  
 
Bret Taylor , Vice-Chair and C o-Chief Executive  Officer  
 
Gavin Patterson , President and Chief R evenue Officer  
 
Amy Weaver , President and C hief Financial Officer  
 
 
 
C O N F E R E N C E   C A L L   P A R T I C I P A N T S  
 
 
Keith Weiss, Morgan  Stanley  
 
Kirk Materne , Evercore ISI  
 
Mark Murphy,  JP Morgan  
 
Brad Zelnick,  Deutsche Bank  
 
Brent Bracelin , Piper Sandler  
 
Brent Thill,  Jefferies  
 
Kash Rangan, Goldman Sachs  
 
Phil Winslow , Credit Suisse  
 
 
 
 
P R E S E N T A T I O N  
 
 
Evan Goldstein  
 
Thank  you Emma . Hello everyone and thanks for joining us for our Fiscal 2023 First Quarter Results 
Conference C all. I’m Evan Goldstein, Senior Vice President of I nves tor Relations.  
 
Our press release, SEC filings and a re play of tod ay’s call can be fou nd on our IR website at 
www.s alesforce.com/investor . 
 
With me on th e call today is Marc Benio ff, Chair and Co -CEO ; Bret T aylor, Vice Cha ir and Co -CEO; Amy 
Weaver, Chief Financial Officer ; and Gavin Patterson, Chief Revenue Officer.   
2 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesforce, Inc. – First Qua rter FY23 Earnings C onference Call, May 31, 2022  
 
As a reminder, our commentary today wil l primarily be in non -GAAP ter ms. Reconciliation between our 
GAAP and non -GAAP results and guidance can be found in our earnings and press release.  
 
Some of our comments today may contain forward -looking statements  that are subject to risk,  
uncertainties and assumptions , which are subject to change. Should any of these risks materialize , or 
should our assum ptions  prove to be incorrect, actually  company results could differ  materially from these 
forward -looking statements . A description of these risks, uncert ainties and a ssumptions , and other factors 
that could affect our financial results is in cluded in our SEC filings, including our most recent report on 
Form 10 -K. 
 
Before I h and the call over to Marc, I ’m excited  to welcome Mike Spen cer to Salesforce. As many of you 
know, I will be taking on a new role here at Sa lesforce supporting Strategic Pla nning and ou r Product 
organization, and Mike has joined Salesforce to lead Investor Relations. Mike is famili ar to many of you 
as he previously led Investor Rel ations at Microsoft. Thank you, Marc, Bret, Amy, Gavin for allowing 
meaningful rotations that enable career development. It is one of the man y benefits of working at 
Salesforce.  
 
And thank you  to the in vestment community for welcoming me over two years ago. Leading IR has been 
one of the most rewarding experiences in my career.  
 
With that , let me h and the call over to Mar c.  
 
Marc Benioff  
 
Hey, thanks so much Evan , and congratulations on your promotion. It ’s so well deserved. Y ou’ve done a 
phenom enal job in the last two years and we ’re also thr illed for you. Th ank you for agreeing to tak e on 
this incredible new role at Salesforce and leading these teams, and we could not be more excited for you, 
and we can not be more excited  to welcome Mike Spen cer to Salesforce. I kn ow that many of the  folks on 
this call have worked with Mike before . Should  be a familiar  voice, and a friend . Looking forward to 
working closely with Mike . Mike is going to be b ased out of our Atlanta headquarters and really excited  
about that because our new Chief Information Officer is there as well as a number of other incredible new 
executives fr om Salesforce including our new Chief Acco unting Officer and our Chief Commercial Officer. 
Really a cool thin g to see Atlant a in our kind of post -pandemic reality become such a center of gra vity for 
Salesforce.  In fact, we just had our Q1 Operations Rev iew there and it was exciting to welcome Mike to 
the team.  
 
With that, let me just tell you it ’s been a wh irlwind for our management team , as you ’re about to hear on 
this call. We have been on the road. I personally was just in Sydney, Austra lia. I was in T okyo. We were 
in Atlant a. We were in New York, and last week we were in  Davos, Switzerland. All that was in I think the 
last four or five weeks. We ’ve really been all over the world. It’s been pretty awesome. We ’ve met with 
hundreds and hundreds of cus tome rs and I can tell you that our business —you can see this in the Q1 
numbers, can ’t you? It ’s incredibly  healthy. You can also see we had a great quarter . 
 
We’re carefully watching the economic data. I know all of you are doing that as well. So far, we ’re just not 
seeing any material impact on the bro ader economic world that all of you are in. Our demand 
environment , the deman d is very strong. If you look over the last  23 years, Salesforce has proven to be 
incredibly resilient based on this incr edible busines s model we have. And incredible technology model 
that we have. We ’ve been through all kinds of dot com crashes and recessions and financial crises and 
global pandemics and all of you have watched us go through every possible s torm, but we  continue to 
weather these storms through the power and strength of our model.  
  
3 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesforce, Inc. – First Qua rter FY23 Earnings C onference Call, May 31, 2022  
In 2001,  I think it really impacted us; we almost lost our business because we were on monthly contracts ,  
we didn ’t have the right cash flow structure. Investors ju st wouldn ’t give us any money , and so we made a 
lot of changes then. It ’s really strengthened our business and made us more durable over time. There ’s 
now no better measure of our durability of the business model, the momentum of the business, the 
strength of the technology model than  our remaining performance obliga tion, the future revenue that we 
have in our contract.  
 
In Q1 we had $42 billion  in RPO, up 20% year-over-year. Pretty amazing. In every crisis we ’ve 
experienced o ver nearly a quarter of a century , I’ll just tell you I thi nk that Salesfor ce—and I ’m sure you 
all agree —always e merges str onger than ever. We became more strategic and more relevant to our 
customers because  we focus on their success and that continues today. That ’s why we ’ve been able to 
grow our revenue for 72 c onsec utive quarters, through every cycle, a focus on customer success, and it ’s 
why Salesforce remains the number  one in CRM now for  the ninth year in a row ; growing in share in all 
CRM segments yet again according to the IDC Software Tracker.  
 
When it com es to our financial results, we ha d, as you can see, a very strong quarter. You can also know 
that the dollar —well, I think the dollar might have even had a stronger quarter than we did , which is kind 
of amazing, and I certainly saw that in my travels over  the last month. Although these kind of fluctuations 
in foreign currency markets had an unexpected i mpac t in the quarter , we still delivered $7.4 billion  in 
revenue, up 24% year-over-year.  
 
Foreign ex change movements have result ed in a revenue headwind of  about $109 million  year-over-year, 
something we could not have anticipated. Oper ating cash flow, though, in the quarter, well, here it is: $3.7 
billion , up 14% year-over-year, reflecting very st rong performance  across the core business. Operating 
margin i n the quarter, that was 17.6%.  
 
Turning to our revenue  guidance, well, as I men tioned, 10% in foreign exchange volatility  that increased 
the year-over-year headwinds by an additional $ 300 million  for a total of $600 million  for the year sin ce 
we first gav e you guidance at our Investor Day. T o give you an example, I was in Japan for the first time 
since the pandemic a couple of weeks ago, maybe it was two weeks ago, and I couldn ’t believe  the 
decline in the value of the yen. It was a very good time to be a tourist in Japan, but I calle d our team and I 
said, “You know, this is great to a be tourist in Japan, but it ’s going to have implications as we  roll this 
revenue up fr om the Japanese market to our U.S. dollars. ” In fact, our Japan revenue in t he fourth qu arter 
faced a 12% headwind year-over-year just—the yen ha d a h istoric fall; something I ’ve just never seen.  
 
As a result  of these headwinds, we ’re low ering our Fiscal ’23 revenue guidance by $300 million  to $31.7 
billion  to $31.8 billion  or about 20% growt h year-over-year.  
 
For operating margin, we ’re raising our Fiscal ’23 non-GAAP guidance by 40 basis points to 20.4% , an 
expansion of 1 70 basis points year-over-year.  
 
As all of you kn ow, we ’re quite committed to consistent margin and cash flow growth as part of this long -
term plan and model that we have to dr ive both top - and bottom line performance. As I said, this demand 
environment  for our Custome r 360 platform, as you ’re about to hear from B ret and from Gavin and from 
Amy and from others, well, it rem ains incredibly hea lthy.  
 
Our cu stomer rel ationships are amazingl y strong , as evidenced by these hu ndreds of customers that 
we’ve met with just in the last couple of weeks, and I ’ll tell you, as you hear some of these incredible 
stories from the quarter,  companies like State Farm and F ormula  One and Goodyear and even the 
Department of Commerce, well, I ’ll tell you, these customers, they ’re very exci ted to be able to get not 
only incredible productivity from our product but also gr owth as well.  
  
4 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesforce, Inc. – First Qua rter FY23 Earnings C onference Call, May 31, 2022  
Let me say  that this is a time when every company , every industry, every government is investing in 
digital transformation . No compan y is better positioned than we are to help companies t ransform for the 
digital future. That was something we fully experienced in D avos last week, and I could not be more 
grate ful to our 77,000 Ohana, millions of t railblazers who are making a difference for our customers and 
the world.  
 
Now, over to Bret . 
 
Bret Ta ylor 
 
Thanks  Marc.  
 
As Marc said, we had a great quarter  and we see stron g demand across our clouds, our industries and 
our regions despite the  unpre cedented fore ign exchange headwinds. Our results really demonstrate the 
power of our strat egy. 
 
Our products are more rele vant than ever before as companies invest in our Customer 360 platform to 
connect with their customers and to drive  cost savings in this new digital eco nomy. Our technology is 
deeply differentiat ed with our Hyperforce  infrastructure  and Einstein artificial  intelligence enabling our 
customers to reach global scale  with levels of trust that are unmat ched in the industry. Einstein is now 
doing 164 billion  predic tions per day, which is just incredible.  
 
Our ecosystem is unparalleled. We have over 15 million  trailblazers creating what IDC es timates will be 
$1.6 trilli on in economic impact for our customers and for our partners. And our business model , as Marc 
said, is durable. It ’s diversified across industries, regions, lines of business, ensuring we ’re resilient in the 
face of a ny economic cycle.  
 
And finally, our l eadership team continues to focus on disciplined execution, which is dri ving both top line 
performance and sustained operating margin cash flow expansion.  
 
As Marc said, we ’ve all been on the road  and we ’ve b een reconnecting with our custom ers, our 
trailblazers and our partners. The common theme from the customers I ’ve met with , from Singapore to 
New York  to the 30 CEOs I met one -on-one with at Davos last week is that digital transformati on trends 
that dramatically accelerated during the pandemic , they con tinue full steam ahead despite all the volatility 
in the global economy.  
 
One great example is ADT , the leader in ho me alarm system s. ADT used our Service Cloud to execut e 
over 200,000 virtual servi ce visits in its first quarter. As a re sult, the company avoided sending out 
technicians in trucks in 80 % of  its service cases. They lo wered their cost and they lowered their carbon 
footprin t, all while achieving higher customer satisfaction. This is the promise of technology, to drive 
productiv ity, and our Customer 36 0 platform is releva nt whether you ’re trying to s cale growth, increase 
productivity  and profitab ility, or meet your sustainability goals. A ll three are increasingly relevant  to our 
customers across the globe.  
 
We had strong  year-over-year growth ac ross every region in the quarter : 21% in the Americas, 33% in 
EME A and 24%  in APAC. We s aw strong momentu m across e very cloud in our Customer 36 0 platform as 
well. 
 
Sales Cloud continues to accelerate, sur passing $1 .6 billion  in the quarter, g rowing 18% year-over-year 
with great wins like DoorDash  and Stellantis.  Stellantis, which was formed last year from the merger 
between Fiat Chrysler and the French PSA Group, decided to standardize the entire company on 
Salesforce. They replaced more than 2,500 apps wi th Customer 360. With Sales Cloud, they now have a  
5 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesforce, Inc. – First Qua rter FY23 Earnings C onference Call, May 31, 2022  
single source of truth for all their customer engagement to drive grow th while delivering best -in-class 
personalized service.  
 
Our Service Cloud grew at 17% year -over-year to $1.76 billion in revenue in th e quarter. State Farm, a 
long time Salesforce customer, was a great Service Cloud success story this quarter. They're now 
combining our Field Service platform with Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Financial Services Cloud to 
enhance their entire end -to-end cust omer support expe rience, especially during catastrophic events. We 
also continue to see strong momentum with our Marketing Cloud with customers like Bose and Colgate 
Palmolive. Our Marketing Cloud has become even more relevant to CMOs as they navigate the 
significant chang es in mobile operating systems and new privacy regulations around the globe. This is the 
new cookie -less world, and it's made growing and measuring consumer engagement harder than ever 
before, and it's driving investment in our Customer Da ta Platform, whic h has become one of the fastest -
growing products we've ever released. Bose is using our CDP to unify their customer information from 
hundreds of different sources to drive hyper personalized marketing, multichannel campaign management 
and r eal-time engagem ent, all with compliance and trust built in natively.  We also saw Commerce Cloud 
wins at YETI, L'Occitane and Goodyear, continuing the digital commerce trend that accelerated so rapidly 
in the pandemic. Together, Marketing and Commerce do 22% year -over-year in the quarter.  
 
Our data clouds, including MuleSoft and Tableau, grew 15% year -over-year in the quarter. Data is the 
fuel for every digital interaction, and MuleSoft and Tableau continue to be foundational for every multi -
cloud Customer  360 deal. Tab leau wins in the quarter included ADT, Bose and Lookers Motor Group, a 
top auto retailer in the UK . MuleSoft was also part of some of our largest deals in the quarter, including 
NTT, and continues to deepen our relationships with existing cus tomers like Rock et Mortgage.  
 
As you know, we've been working through some issues on MuleSoft's go -to-market motion over the past 
couple of quarters. Amy will get into specifics, but I'm encouraged by the progress we're making, and we 
have a strong pipelin e for the back h alf of the year.  
 
I'm also excited to say that Slack continues to exceed our revenue expectations, with wins of the self -
driving car company, Cruise and the UK Ministry of Justice. This was the fourth consecutive quarter we 
see more than 4 0% growth in custo mers spending more than $100,000 with Slack annually. We also 
continue to see strong momentum across our 12 industry verticals, including financial services, health 
care, consumer goods and manufacturing. Our industry -specific clouds were  part of 7 of our top 10 deals 
this quarter.  
 
I'm so grateful for our 15 million trailblazers, all of our partners and our 77,000 employees for helping 
provide our customers with the innovation, agility and resilience they need to navigate these uncertain 
times. Our custome r success drives our financial success, and this unrivaled community is why our 
customers choose Salesforce as their trusted digital advisor.  
 
Now, over to Gavin to talk about some of the customer success stories from the quarter.  
 
Gavin Patterson  
 
Thanks  Bret, and thank you  everyone  for being on the call today. I want to start by talking about the 
strong demand environment we're in. As Bret and Marc said, even in this volatile environment, companies 
are continuing to invest in their digit al transformatio ns, and we're seeing that in our strong pipeline and 
momentum in the business. I've been on the road this quarter across the U.S., Europe, Asia and most 
recently in Davos , and in all my conversations, there is a real sense of urgency with o ur customers. In  this 
new or digital work -from-anywhere world, our customers need to create incredible customer experiences 
across every interaction to stay competitive. At the same time, they need to realize productivity gains,  
6 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesforce, Inc. – First Qua rter FY23 Earnings C onference Call, May 31, 2022  
efficiencies and resilience  from their technology investments.  That's why they're turning to Salesforce as 
their trusted digital advisors and to the Customer 360 as their digital platform.  
 
We're seeing this play out in the growth of transformational deals, customers making longer -term multi -
cloud investments in Salesforce. These Customer 360 transformation deals with five or more clouds grew 
21% year -over-year in the quarter. We again saw strong growth in every region. In the Americas, we grew 
relationships with Brightspeed, Blue S hield of Califor nia, SHA Hotels , Workday, Covered California , and 
Ferguson, a $23 billion distributor of plumbing and heating products.  
 
Looking at Ferguson in a little more detail, Ferguson has been able to grow its sales during the heart of 
the supply ch ain challenges usi ng Customer 360 to give them a single view of their supplier, associate 
and customer relationships. In the quarter, Ferguson significantly expanded its relationship with our 
Professional Services organization.  
 
In EMEA, we had significant  wins with Loo kers Motor Group, Esprit and one of the largest telecom and 
media companies in France. They're standardizing on Salesforce to not only speed their time to market 
and reduce IT costs but also to deliver an amazing digital -first, front -end expe rience for the ir 45 million 
subscribers. As I mentioned, we had a great win in the UK with Lookers Motor Group. With the Customer 
360, Lookers has a single unified platform, driving efficiency within their dealerships and contact centers 
and improving the overall car bu ying experience for their customers.  
 
Turning to APAC . we continue to deepen our relationships with amazing brands like Kotak Mahindra 
Bank, LG and NTT, which is also a great Tableau and MuleSoft win. In LatAm, we had a significant win 
with S erasa Experian ; they chose Salesforce Marketing Cloud to improve engagement with our current 
and prospective customers and to increase marketing efficiency.  
 
Formula 1 is watched by 1.5 billion viewers . and today  they're using Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Service 
Cloud a nd Sales Cloud to attract new fans, increase fan engagement and convert that fan engagement 
into brand value and revenue. Salesforce will help Formula 1 leverage customer insights across every 
channel, both physical and non -physical and crea te an end -to-end fan experience strategy powered by an 
integrated platform, and our professional services team will help to manage their technology and 
implementation.  
 
In the quarter, the National Telecommunications and Information Administration within t he U.S. 
Department of Commerce selected Salesforce to support the administration of the $48 billion from 
broadband grants to state territories, tribal entities and other  eligible applicants to create more low -cost 
broadband service options and to address d igital quality and inclusion needs across U.S. communities.  
 
To wrap it up, DoorDash has grown tremendously since the pandemic. They fulfilled more than 400 
million o rders in the last quarter alone and as a mobile -first business growing at an incredible r ate, 
DoorDash turned to Salesforce to improve the customer experience and to respond to issues in real time 
for its hundreds of thousands of merchants, customers and d ashe rs. They also selected Sales Cloud and 
MuleSoft to enable them to bring in new mercha nts on faster and more efficiently.  
 
These are just a few examples from our strong quarter, and we're grateful for customers' continued 
partnership and trust.  
 
Amy, ove r to you to discuss the financial details of the quarter.  
 
Amy Weaver  
  
7 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesforce, Inc. – First Qua rter FY23 Earnings C onference Call, May 31, 2022  
Great. Thank you  Gavin, and good afternoon  everyone. As Marc and Bret said, we had strong financial 
results this quarter, and our pipeline remains robust. We are well positioned to se rve our customers in this 
uncertain macroenvironment.  
 
Let's go through some of our result s for Q1 of Fiscal '23, beginning with top line commentary. Total 
revenue for the first quarter was $7.41 billion. This is up 24% year -over-year or 26% in constant cu rrency.  
 
A few key highlights from the quarter. The momentum in Sales Cloud continued in Q 1, with revenue 
accelerating to 18% growth year -over-year, 20% in constant currency. Slack again outperformed our 
revenue expectations with $348 million in Q1 compare d to our guide of $330 million. The number of 
customers spending more than $100,000 annual ly grew 45% year -over-year. Our industry's products 
remain in high demand and are providing out -of-the-box solutions to customers with specific needs. We 
saw an indu stry's product included in 7 out of our top 10 deals this quarter. And from a geographic 
perspective, EMEA performance was strong with particular strength in both the UK and France.  
 
Now to provide an update on MuleSoft , total revenue increased 9% year -over-year against a strong prior 
year comparison, driven by lower -than-expected new business a s we work through the go -to-market 
organizational changes we discussed on the last call. As a reminder, on average, 50% of MuleSoft's total 
contract value is recogni zed in period, resulting in more quarterly volatility than our core products. A s Bret 
menti oned, MuleSoft's pipeline remains strong, and we still anticipate seeing the benefits from these 
changes in the back half of Fiscal '23.  
 
Total company revenue a ttrition remains at record lows and in Q1, again, between 7% to 7.5%. A s Marc 
mentioned, our re maining performance obligation, representing all future revenue under contract ended 
Q1 at approximately $42 billion, up 20% year -over-year. Current remainin g performance obligation, or 
CRPO, was approximately $21.5 billion, up 21% year -over-year and 24% i n constant currency. Slack 
represented approximately 5 points of that growth, in line with our guidance. This strong RPO 
performance at our scale re flects the relevance of our product portfolio and strategic relationships with 
our customers.  
 
Turning to op erating margin for the quarter , for Q1, non -GAAP operating margin was 17.6%. Q1 GAAP 
EPS was $0.03 and non -GAAP EPS was $0.98. Mark -to-market accoun ting as the company's strategic 
investments benefited both GAAP and non -GAAP EPS by approximately $0.01.  
 
Moving to cash flow , for Q1  operating cash flow was $3.7 billion, up 14% year -over-year. Cap ex was 
$179 million, resulting in free cash flow of $3.5 billion, up 14% year -over-year.  
 
Now before turning to our guidance, I'd like to call attention to the impact  that foreign exchange is having 
on our financials. As a reminder, our primary currency exposures are to the euro, the Great British pound, 
the Jap anese yen and , to a lesser extent, to the Australian dollar. Since we last provided our outlook for 
Fiscal Ye ar ‘23, the dollar has continued to strengthen against all of these currencies. A s such, we are 
providing increased transparency this quarter in to the impact of FX on our guidance.  
 
Now let's get to that guidance. For the full year, the change in currencie s represents an incremental $300 
million year -over-year headwind on top of the $300 million we provided last quarter, bringing the total 
year-over-year FX headwind to $600 million. As such, we are now guiding to Fiscal '23 revenue of $31.7 
billion to $31.8  billion or approximately 20% growth year -over-year. Our guidance continues to assume a 
$1.5 billion contribution from Slack.  
 
We expect Q2 reve nue of $7.69 billion to $7.7 billion or approximately 21% growth year -over-year. Our 
Q2 revenue guidance include s a $200 million year -over-year headwind from FX and a $360 million 
contribution from Slack. For Q2, we expect to deliver CRPO growth of approxi mately 15% year -over-year.  
8 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesforce, Inc. – First Qua rter FY23 Earnings C onference Call, May 31, 2022  
This includes a 3 -point headwind from FX. A s a reminder, Q2 represents Slack’s fifth quarter of 
contribution to CRPO and therefore, the year -on-year growth rate is now normalized.  
 
We expect GAAP loss per share of negative $0 .03 to negative $0.02 and non -GAAP EPS of $1.01 to 
$1.02. For the full year, we expect GAAP EPS of $0.38 to $0.40 an d non -GAAP EPS of $4.74 to $4.76.  
Please recall that our OIE and EPS guidance both assume no further mark -to-market adjustments of our 
strategic investment portfolio.  
 
Turning to operating margin, I am very pleased to announce that we are raising our Fiscal '23 non -GAAP 
operating margin guidance by 40 basis points to 20.4%. This includes 100 basis points to 125 basis 
points of headwind from M&A. This guidance increase re presents an expansion of 170 basis points year -
over-year and 270 basis points over two years, all driven by a continued focus on disciplined decision -
making across the organization , and as a company  we are committed to continuing to improve profitability 
over the long term.  
 
With respect to FX, because our regional revenue and expenses are ge nerally in the same currencies, 
there tends to be a natural hedge in our operating margin. As such, although we've seen FX headwinds to 
revenue, we don't currently antic ipate a material impact to our operating margin for the full fiscal year.  
 
Moving to ca sh flow, we remain well on our way to drive another year of record cash flow generation, and 
we are reiterating our Fiscal '23 operating cash flow guidance of approximat ely 21% to 22% growth year -
over-year. In addition, our guidance continues to assume a 3 -point headwind from cash taxes associated 
with tax law changes requiring the capitalization of certain R&D costs. We continue to expect Cap ex of 
approximately 2% of rev enue in Fiscal '23, resulting in free cash flow growth of approximately 25% to 
27% for the fiscal year.  
 
To close, while there is uncertainty in the macro  environment, our customers are continuing to come to 
Salesforce to transform their businesses. The dem and we are seeing from our customers is a testament 
to the strength of these strategic  relationships and the relevance of our product portfolio. This gives us 
confidence in the durability of our business model, and we're excited to help our customers navig ate in 
this changing economy.  
 
Now before we wrap up, I do want to thank specifically Evan for his incredible leadership with the IR team 
over the last two years, his partnership and friendship and wish them all the best in his new role. And let 
me say offic ially welcome to Mike Spencer, who I'm delighted to have joining us.  
 
With that, Emm a, let's open the line for questions.  
 
Operator  
 
Thank you.  
 
Your first question today comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan.  
 
Mark Murphy  
 
Yes. Thank you. Marc (inaudible).  
 
Amy Weaver  
 
Hi Mark . This is Amy. We're having a lot of trouble hearin g you.  
  
9 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesforce, Inc. – First Qua rter FY23 Earnings C onference Call, May 31, 2022  
Mark Murphy  
 
Apologies . (Inaudible).  
 
Bret Taylor  
 
Operator, we may need to move on to the next question.  
 
Amy Weaver  
 
Yes. Let's move on  and see if we can come back to Mark.  
 
Operator  
 
Certainly. Your next question comes from the line of Keith Wei ss with Morgan Stanley.  Your line is now 
open.  
 
Keith Weiss  
 
Thanks guys for taking the question and r eally nice quarte r in Q1. Two questions. One on Sales Cloud. 
This is probably the part of the portfolio that investors have been most worried about matura tion and sort 
of the high market share that Salesforce has. You guys have been able to see accelerating growth. Can 
you dig in a little bit on kind of what's driving it? Is it the vertical solutions  or something in particular that 
has really reinvigorated that line item?  
 
And then one for Amy on the operating margins. I don't think anyone was expecting operating margins 
going up after this quarter. Can you talk to us a little bit about those initiatives that are enabling better 
operating margins?  There's so me speculation in the press about maybe slower headcount growth or 
some c ulling of expenses. Is there something program matic that's enabling you guys to drive that better 
operating margin on a go -forward basis?  Thank you.  
 
Bret Taylor  
 
We're really excited  about Sales Cloud growth. Not only did it grow 18% year -over-year in the quarter, but 
in constant currency grew 20%, which I  think is symbolic threshold for as you said, the product that Marc 
and Parker built 23 years ago  that is still as relevant today a s it ever has been.  
 
I think  first and foremost  it speaks to our innovation strategy and the organic innovation coming from o ur 
engineering teams at the company. Just an example, late last year  we introduced Revenue Intelligence, 
which is a deep integratio n between Tableau and our Sales Cloud that enables sales teams to enable 
every rep to be more efficient , to collect cash f aster, to boost growth and really bringing together this 
entire Customer 360 portfolio to give our customers not only a chance to reim agine their Sales Cloud 
implementations, but make Sales Cloud  relevant to an even broader range of customers.  
 
So we're  really excited about our innovation strategy. When you look at some of the wins that we've 
talked about in this quarter like ADT or Door Dash, you think about this next generation of selling in this 
era of flexible work, there's always an opportunity for o ur customers to reimagine their approach to sales 
and Sales Cloud continues to be the most innovative platform for opportunity management  and lead 
management.  
  
10 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesforce, Inc. – First Qua rter FY23 Earnings C onference Call, May 31, 2022  
We are excited about our market -leading position. And also, I just want to say congratulations  to the 
engineering teams, who are continuing to teach an old dog new tricks  and continue to innovate on what 
is, I think, really the worl d's leading CRM platform.  
 
Amy, talk about operating margin.  
 
Amy Weaver  
 
Sure. I'd love to. Hi, Keith, thanks for the question. As you noted, I really am very, very pleased about the 
raise on our operating margin up to 20.4% for this fiscal year. This is  not the result of any single change. 
It's really driven by disciplined  decision -making and trying to really unlock incremental efficiencies across 
the entire business. We've asked each leader to step up to really look across their business and to 
strategi cally prioritize their investments  and this is really to make sure tha t we're getting the highest return 
for every dollar that we invest.  
 
You asked about hiring, again, as a result, we're going to continue to hire, we are hiring. But we're doing it 
in a m uch more measured pace, and we're focusing the majority of our new hir es on roles that will 
support customer success and the execution of our top priorities.  
 
This focus on margin, this is really over the long term, and we are all committed that this is g oing to make 
us a stronger company. But I do want to reiterate, this is not just a Finance -led initiative. This focus on 
discipline is being applied across our entire organization. This is supported by Marc, by Bret, by Gavin 
and truly by our entire leader ship team.  
 
Operator  
 
Your next question comes from the line of Kirk Mat erne with Evercore.  Your line is now open.  
 
Kirk Materne  
 
Hi. Thanks very much and congrats on the quarter.  
 
I don't know who wants to take this, Marc or Bret, but you mentioned Sales force being able to sort of 
perform  through economic cycles. I was wondering if there's any change to the go -to-market playbook in 
a tougher economic e nvironment, if at all, in terms of which products might be better to lead with when 
you start getting in these periods?  
 
Then second question would be for Amy. Amy, you basically kept your fiscal year guidance —revenue 
guidance unchanged when adjusti ng for FX. I think everybody is wondering if that guidance probably now 
reflects a little bit more conservatism  given the more uneven macro backdrop. Could you just comment on 
that a little bit, maybe versus where we were 90 days ago?  
 
Marc Benioff  
 
Well,  I think you're right that in an environment like this  that our selling strategy will change, our narrative 
will change. Bret, I think, said it really well ; we're going to focus more on how we can deliver productivity 
for the customer and lower their costs . At a robust time, we talk about the top line advancement. Of 
course, it's different for every customer, you kno w that.  
 
To the last point that we just heard from the previous question, which was a good question, why has 
Sales Cloud remained so strong , and you can see more than 18% growth , and Service Cloud more than 
17% growth. I t's incredible to see the growth of these core products. Today, I was in a retailer that I like. I  
11 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesforce, Inc. – First Qua rter FY23 Earnings C onference Call, May 31, 2022  
have a personal relationship with Brunello Cucinelli . I’m going to have  dinner with him this week and I was 
just kind of preparing for that and walked in the store  and I realized that the retai l agent in the store is 
using Sales Cloud and the platform and asking them, “Hey, how do you like it? What do you think about 
the solution ?” They have it all s et in Italian and it's like ricerca  in Salesforce, search in Salesforce.  I'm like, 
“Wow, the prod uct,” I don't think we ever could have imagined all the different uses that it has today 24 
years ago when we invented it.   
 
I think that, that kind of flexibility is really what  continues to drive its growth. We've talked about that retail 
use case at AT& T as well has been so important for them. A gain, we never really thought  that that point -
of-sale environment wou ld be so dramatic for that incredible product. But when you're working with 
customers in an environment like this, it really gets down to really  understanding what they're trying to do ; 
every customer has a slightly different solution.  
 
Gavin, do you want t o come in here and give an example of some of you recently put together?  
 
Gavin Patterson  
 
Well, I think in this type of environment, the key word is relevance. Listening to your customers, 
understanding what the challenge —the specific challenges they a re facing and making sure that you 
tailor the approach to that. In many cases, Sales Cloud is the right lead, particularly with new business 
and new customers. Other customers i t’s right to lead with Service Cloud and use that as a way of ta king 
cost out of the business , and we've used both.  
 
Then we have customers who , as I said in my comments earlier, who are taking the Customer 360 . Our 
multi -cloud take up this quarter is very strong, up 21% with customers taking five or more clouds. So  I 
think it's about listening to the customer, it's about being relevant, understanding that actually we're going 
through a period now where productivity and trans formation is more important than the last few quarters , 
and making sure that we tailor our mes sages accordingly.  
 
Marc Benioff  
 
I would add also kind of the relationships matter . I talked about F ormula One  and Gavin was in Monaco 
over the weekend and Stefa no Domenicali, who is the CEO of F ormula One , was our customer at 
Lamborghini. And of course, we work closely with him and the whole  Volkswagen management team. 
When they're looking at this current environment, when F ormula One  is looking at the environmen t, 
everybody is going to have a slightly different take , so it's nice to have those high -quality relationships at 
times like this.  
 
Amy W eaver  
 
Great. Kirk, hi. I'll take the second part of your question here on the guide.  
 
Look, we feel good about what w e're seeing. You've heard that from Marc, from Gavin, from Bret, you’ve 
heard about our pipeline. But we're mindful of the uncertain macro  environ ment, and that includes 
continuing FX volatility. I believe that our guidance is appropriately conservative un der the circumstances.  
 
Operator  
 
Your next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JP  Morgan.  Your line is now open.  
 
Mark Murphy  
  
12 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesforce, Inc. – First Qua rter FY23 Earnings C onference Call, May 31, 2022  
Yes, thank you. Bret, our survey work has shown potential for Slack to be adopted by one-quarter  of all 
employees i n the next several years. It looks like a huge number above Google Workspaces and it looks 
like it could be rivaling Zoom. What do you see as the best use of this $4 billion R&D budget yo u have to 
try to accelerate the Slack innovations and achieve that le vel of ubiquity? I'm wondering if you would see 
any opportunity to potentially do more with native video conferencing?  
 
Bret Taylor  
 
That's a great question. As I think about our innovation, it's really that all of our clouds work together in a 
complementa ry way. Sales and Service complement each other . Sales, Service, Digital Market ing and 
Ecommerce  complement each other because it really represents the entire front office. When I think 
about our acquisitions like MuleSoft, Tableau and Slack, they really a mplify our value proposition for 
Customer 360.  
 
Tableau helps all of our customers see and understand their data, which is more relevant than ever 
before as every interaction be comes digital. MuleSoft enables our customers to integrate all of their 
legacy  and back office systems to Salesforce and really create a strategic platform that accelerates their 
digital transformation. And Slack, as Gavin and Marc and I heard in Davos last week, is relevant in every 
single conversation because every single one of o ur customers is deciding how do they succeed in this 
new era of flexible work ? Because every single —particularly office worker —isn't coming back to the office 
five days a week.  But it's really not an either /or question because Slack makes the entire Custom er 360 
more relevant.  
 
In fact, one of the things I'm most excited about from this past quarter is we shift a lot of the integrations 
between Customer 360 and Slack, whether it's te am selling and account management in our Sales Cloud 
or case swarming in o ur Service Cloud —it's actually one of the solutions that DoorDash uses with their 
Service Cloud deployment . Really using our Slack to amplify their investment in our Service Cloud an d to  
succeed in this new era  where their workforce is working from anywhe re. 
 
Really excited to not only invest in Slack as a standalone platform, which is just incredible , but I'm just 
excited with how much more relevant our Customer 360 value propo sition is now that Slack is in the 
building. I think it's going to be one of th e best acquisitions we ever did, and it really makes every 
customer conversation more relevant in this new era of flexible work.  
 
Operator  
 
Your next question comes from the lin e of Brad Zelnick with Deutsche Bank.  Your line is now open.  
 
Brad Zelnick  
 
Great. Thanks very much for taking my question  and c ongrats on the strong start to the year.  
 
Amy, the business generate s a ton of free cash flow. You have almost $14 billion of cash on the balance 
sheet, and your stock is trading at a really attractive mult iple. What would need to happen for you and the 
Board to consider buying back your stock?  
 
Amy Weaver  
 
Brad, hi. Thanks for the question. As you know, historically  we've not done buybacks, but I will tell you 
that, as a company, we are always looking at ou r capital allocation strategy. Our Board consistentl y looks 
at this on a quarterly basis, and it's really to assess the best use of cash.  
  
13 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesforce, Inc. – First Qua rter FY23 Earnings C onference Call, May 31, 2022  
Right now, our overall focus is on strengthening our balance sheet to really capitalize on all of the 
opportunities in front of us.  
 
Operator  
 
Your next question comes fr om the line of Brent Bracelin with Piper Sandler.  Your line is now open.  
 
Brent Bracelin  
 
Thank you for taking the question. Good afternoon.  
 
I guess one of the themes we're starting to hear more from customers is this idea of vendor consolidation, 
particularly given the tightening business cycle. Have you seen any shift in the p ipeline relative to the mix 
of multi -cloud deals? Any sort of color around the customer appetite to consolidate the number of vendors 
would be super helpful.  Thanks.  
 
Gavin Patterson  
 
I'll take that one. What you've seen is a very strong quarter across the b oard. Sales, S ervice , Marketing 
Cloud all posted great numbers. Every region posted great numbers : 21% up in the U.S., 33% in EMEA, 
24% in APAC. We had a strong quarter . We've got good momentum.  
 
As I look forward, the pipeline looks really strong for  the rest of the year. We are cognizant of the 
environment we're operating in , but at the moment  we don't see that impacting ou r numbers. But we're 
vigilant at all times.  
 
If there is a consolidation of vendors with our customers, I think we're extreme ly well placed. We are the 
only ones with the Customer 360. There's nobody else in the market that’s able to offer the full suite o f 
clouds. If that is the case, and customers choose to continue to move more of their business to it, we'll 
welcome it wi th both arms. I think you saw some great examples of it in the quarter. The Formula 1 
example we've been talking about is a great examp le of that, taking multiple clouds from us across Sales, 
Service and Marketing.  
 
I love the AD P example as well. Maria Black  there is doing an incredible job at driving the business and 
creating much more intimate customer relationships. That's all around the Customer 360 and a 
consolidation of business from other vendors towards Salesforce is part of that story.  
 
Whether it's a single cloud sale, whether it's the Customer 360, we're very well placed  I think  to take full 
advantage of that.  
 
Marc Benioff  
 
Yes. I would add , I think , that one of the highlights in the quarter was Goodyear. Ric h Kramer, someone 
who we've built a really great relationship with over a number of years, they deployed a number of our 
different products ; now they're deploying our Comm erce Cloud , and it's a great example by having a full 
suite of products and also by a ugmenting those products with our acquisition strategy over the last few 
years, we really have just a tremendous opportunity with every single customer to extend and expan d, to 
land and go. T his is just a moment where I think that there will be some consolidation with vendors  and 
they will rely on the vendors that they have the most trusted relationships with.  
 
Operator  
  
14 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesforce, Inc. – First Qua rter FY23 Earnings C onference Call, May 31, 2022  
Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill  with Jefferies.  Your line is now open.  
 
Brent Thill  
 
Marc, many are asking on the M&A strategy, given the pullback in valuations , do you change your 
philosophy and be more aggressive here? Or are you  sticking with the playbook  in digesting Slack and so  
many of the other past acquisitions?  
 
Marc Benioff  
 
It's a great question. I know we're all watching the markets very closely and that we can see a rightsizing 
on a number of valuations  I think that we were all quite susp ect of for quite a long time. But fo r us, we've 
kind of laid our acquisition strategy down  and we're done for a while. You can see that with many of these 
amazing companies that we acquired with MuleSoft, with Tableau, with Slack , or even what I just 
ment ioned with Commerce Cloud with Demand ware, and the reality is there's no finish line when it comes 
to these acquisitions. The y are lot of work ; they're hard to integrate. When y ou think you're done, you're 
not done ; they can surprise you . You have to take your time with them. We've realized t hat right from the 
beginning with our first ExactTarget acquisition to today.  
 
I would say that for right now  we're not really looking at doing any major acquisitions. It's just not a part of 
our play book right now. We're really focused on integrating the ones that we have. We have a lot of work 
to do still  and that's our primary focus.  
 
Amy, do you want to add to that?  
 
Amy Weaver  
 
No. I think you've got it, Marc. Right now, large -scale M&A is just not par t of our current plans. Obviously, 
we're opportuni stic as all strategic tech companies are, and I never say never, but that is just not 
something that's on our current radar screen.  
 
Operator  
 
Your next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Gold man Sachs.  Your line is now open.  
 
Kash Rangan  
 
Hi. Thank you so much. Congratulations on a terrific quarter.  
 
Marc and others who have been through multiple cycles on the call here, I'm wondering why are you so 
confident with this economic cycle? What is so different about this cycle? Cert ainly, you tal k to CEOs, you 
meet with them on a daily basis. What is top of their mind , and wh y do you feel differently about 
Salesforce's positioning in this economic cycle?  
 
Then one for Amy. I just wanted to understand what gives you confide nce? I think you've said something , 
faster cash flow growth and margin growth in the press release , which is very assuring . Just a little bit 
more detail on how you plan to get there would be great.  Thank you so much.  
 
Marc Benioff  
 
Well, Kash, I think I'm going to let each one o f our executives speak on this because I'll tell you that we 
have been having a lot of customer interaction right now and it’s an incredible amount. I'll tell you when I  
15 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesforce, Inc. – First Qua rter FY23 Earnings C onference Call, May 31, 2022  
was down in Sydney, Australia, about three  weeks ago or four weeks ago, and I was just very im pressed 
with the level of economic activity with all of these customers. The ir focus  on growth , their fo cus on 
market  share, their focus  on expansion, their focus o n digital tran sformation . Then I went off to Japan and 
I was in Tokyo and , well, it w as the same thing. I was with one of our very large customers, Sompo, one 
of the largest , if not  the largest insurance company in Japan , with their CEO, Sakurada -san. Very 
impressed with how they're investing and excited about expanding and  going into new areas and looking 
at a number of our new products. They've been with us for quite a long time.  All of the customers that I 
met with were growing. It was just an exciting moment.  
 
Then we went off to New York, same thing, same story ; everyone is very motiv ated. These are customers 
without a lot of debt on their balance sheet. They have flexibi lity, they're nimble. They know what their 
product strategies are. They're ready to go.  
 
Then when we went down to Atlanta and we reviewed our entire operation, we he ard this consistently 
from our management team. And when we went to Davos last week, ag ain, across industry, across 
geography, while everyone is looking at rising inflation or supply chain issues or interest rate changes or 
stock market gyrations or foreig n exchange shifts , at the end of the day, we all have our —we all, I think, 
are in a very different place than we've really ever been before  and I think a lot of it has to do with the 
pandemic. I think the pandemic gave everybody the ability to kind of do a  reset and think about, “Okay. 
Now, where am I going over the next decade ?” 
 
So in the last two years  I think every company rebuilt their strategy . Look at us. We acquired Slack, our 
largest acquisition ever . We retooled . We built our CDP. We augmented our  Professional Services 
strategy. We changed our management team. We transformed who 's running the company and how it's 
being run.  
 
We’re an example of, “Okay, we're ready for the next decade ,” and I think that  that example is probably 
true for all the cus tomers that we're meeting with.  
 
Bret, do you want to come in and talk about some  of your experiences in Davos?  
 
Bret Taylor  
 
You put it well. I had the privilege of having about 30 one -on-one CEO conversations in Davos, CEOs 
from different regions around  the world, different industries. I was really pleasantly surprised to ju st hear 
how much customers are leaning into their digital investments. Some like the consumer goods companies 
have been really impacted by both the supply chain and inflation  and are really focused on how to invest 
in digital technologies to take down s ome of their costs , to absorb some of that and avoid price increases. 
Then some other businesses, I talked to the CEO of a beauty company that has seen increased demand 
as we all leave t he house for the first time in the past couple of years and was really f ocused on growth.  
 
The theme in all of them was whether you're investing in digital technology to connect with your 
customers or investing in digital technology to drive productivity, we continue to be one of the most 
strategic vendors and the trusted digital advisor  for all of these CEOs across every industry.  
 
I read the same headlines as everyone else, and I'm cognizant of the volatility in the economy. A s Gavin 
said, we're just foc used on being relevant , being the most trusted digital advisor to ea ch of our customers. 
As Marc said, we believe that if we form those trusted relationships, especially in times where our 
customers need that resilience  and need that from us, we will come out of these gaining market share 
and gaining trust with our cu stomers.  
 
Marc Benioff   
16 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesforce, Inc. – First Qua rter FY23 Earnings C onference Call, May 31, 2022  
 
Well, (cross -talking).  
 
Amy Wea ver 
 
Hi—sorry Marc, I cut you off.  
 
Marc Benioff  
 
I think Bret said it really well, connecting with our customers, connecting with employe es through Slack, 
connecting with our data with Tableau, connecting with our partners . These are major themes that we're 
hearing.  
 
Amy, what did you hear in your discussions?  
 
Amy Weaver  
 
Davos was fa scinating.  T here's no better  opportunity to connect wi th hundreds of customers across 
there. One of the things I really heard was a focus on efficiency. Companies are looking for partn erships 
and looking for companies like Salesforce that can help them both grow and become more efficient as 
they do it. It was an incredible week and a great opportunity.  
 
Bret Taylor  
 
Gavin, do you want to (inaudible) ? 
 
Gavin Patterson  
 
What I heard from customers last week and more generally, I think we're just more important to our 
customers than we were in previous cycles. We 've got a more strategic relation ship, a relationship that is 
more of a trusted advisor. I think that's because we have a full su ite of cloud s and a full Customer 360 
solution that can solve multiple problems for them. If their issue is growth, we've got a  solution that will 
allow them to drive growth. If it's about productivity and cost transformation and efficiency, we've got th e 
right combination for that as well.  
 
It's about relevance, and we heard this time and time again , that increasingly the digital  transformation 
agenda , the narrative around it is not running out of steam in spite of concerns about the environment. I t's 
becoming more —I think even more important, and we're better placed than any other company to help 
our customers through that.  
 
Marc  Benioff  
 
One of the customers I met with in Davos, State Farm, I think about the huge journey that we've made 
with them. Michael Tipsord, the CEO , and of course  Keith Block, our good friend is on their Board now , all 
excited because they're expanding with  our Field Service product  and that product didn't even exist when 
we first signed our agreement with them. Customer 360 continues to expand for them. They're able to 
take their single source of truth and bring it to new use cases , and I think that tha t's something that I'm 
really excited about as we expand with all of these customers.  
 
Thank you very much for this great question.  
 
Amy Weaver   
17 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesforce, Inc. – First Qua rter FY23 Earnings C onference Call, May 31, 2022  
 
Kash, to follow up on your question on cash flow , for cash flow  our philosophy is that our OCF and FCF 
should i ncrease faster than revenue as we're increasing our operating margin, which we are.  
 
In terms of confidence levels  both on the cash and the operating margin, much of this comes back to the 
focus on disciplined growth. This is not a passing fad. I'm a huge believer that constraints make for a 
stronger and more innovative company  and this is the focus across every part of the company. So whe re  
my confidence comes from is really seeing all of our leaders at Salesforce stepping up to this challenge  
and meeting it.. 
 
Operator  
 
Your last question today comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.  Your line is now open.  
 
Phil Winslow  
 
Hi. Thanks for taking my question.  
 
You've touched on Sales, Marketing and Commerce Clouds. I wanted to focus in on Service because 
you've been pretty vocal about just the transforma tional changes that are going in on customer service. 
What are customers telling you right now in terms of where they are in their journeys there in terms of 
transformation? A lso, we've obviously  seen some big contracts signed from contact center vendo rs kind 
of along this theme , too. I wonder if you could just talk us through what you're seeing from customers and 
what your kind of conviction level is in Service Cloud going forward.  
 
Bret Taylor  
 
Thank you. That's a great question. Service continues to  be the anchor tenant of our Customer 360 for 
our largest customers, particularly our long standing customers like State Farm. What I’m hearing  from our 
customers  I think  is really reflected in our pro duct strategy, which is really the completeness of  our 
Service portfolio. Customers like State Farm, the reason they expanded in Q1 is because they expanded 
with Field Service. We do field service, we do ticketing, we do contact centers, we do digital serv ice, self -
service and chat bo ts. When you think about your customer interactions and you particularly think about 
this volatile economic environment, that portfolio not only helps you increase customer satisfaction, but do 
so in a way that reduces costs.  
 
I love that AD T example I gave in the scrip t because it was an example when ADT  managed to do 
200,000 virtual service visits and avoid sending out trucks 80% of the time, their customers were happier 
and they reduce d costs. The reason we can do that is be cause we have the most complete service 
portfolio in the market.  We're really excited about that.  
 
I'm excited —again,  it goes back to our strategy of organic innovation , and as Gavin said, the 
completeness of our product portfolio . Par ticularly as our cus tomers look to consolidate vendors, t he fact 
that we can really be the entire front office for our customers is incredibly differentiated , and our Customer 
360 portfolio continues to be one of the main reasons why our customers choose our product offerings . 
 
Operator  
 
This concludes our Q&A f or today. Mr. Evan Goldstein, I turn the call back over to you.  
 
Evan Goldstein  
  
18 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesforce, Inc. – First Qua rter FY23 Earnings C onference Call, May 31, 2022  
Thank you for joining us on the call today.  
 
Marc Benioff  
 
Evan, I want to congratulate you on two great years in IR , and we couldn't be m ore excited for you. So 
let's end this the way we started it with some big props and congratulations for you.  
 
Evan Goldstein  
 
Thanks  Marc and the rest of the leadership team. Really appreci ate it.  
 
If you have any questions for us, feel free to reach out  at investor@salesforce.com . We look forward to 
talking next quarter.  
 
Marc Benioff  
 
(Inaudi ble). 
 
Operator  
 
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.  