  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Salesforce, Inc.  
 
Fiscal 2023 Second  Quarter  Results  Conference Call  
 
August 24, 2022 
  
1 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inac curacies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesfor ce, Inc. – Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Results Conference Call, August 24, 2022 
 
 
C O R P O R A T E   P A R T I C I P A N T S  
 
 
Mike Spencer, Executive Vice President, Investor Relations  
 
Marc Benioff , Chair  and Co-Chief Executive Officer  
 
Bret Taylor , Vice Chair  and C o-Chief Executive  Officer  
 
Amy Weaver , President and C hief Finan cial Officer  
 
Brian Milham, President and Chief Operating Officer  
 
 
C O N F E R E N C E   C A L L   P A R T I C I P A N T S  
 
 
Keith Weiss, Morgan  Stanley  
 
Brent Thill, Jefferies  
 
Raimo Lenschow, Barclays  
 
Brad Sills, Bank  of America  
 
Kash Rangan, Goldman S achs 
 
Karl Keirstead, UBS 
 
Kirk Materne , Evercore ISI  
 
Phil Winslow , Credit Suisse  
 
 
 
 
P R E S E N T A T I O N  
 
 
Operator  
 
Welcome  to the Salesfor ce Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Result s Conference Call.  
 
All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any back ground noise. After the speakers ’ remarks, there 
will be a questio n-and-answer session . Thank you.  
 
I would like to hand over the conference to your speaker, Mike Spencer, Executive Vice President of 
Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.  
 
Mike Spencer   
2 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inac curacies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesfor ce, Inc. – Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Results Conference Call, August 24, 2022 
 
Thank you, Emma , and good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining us today for our Fiscal 2023 Second 
Quarter Results Conference Call.  
 
Our press release  and SEC filings , and a re play of tod ay’s call , can be fou nd on our IR website at 
www.s alesforce.com/inv estor . 
 
With me on th e call today is Marc Benio ff, Chair and Co -CEO , Bret Taylor, Vice Cha ir and Co -CEO , and 
Amy Weaver, Chief Financial Officer . We’ll also be joined by Brian Milham, President and Chief Operating 
Officer, who will be ava ilable for the Q&A  portion of the call.   
 
As a reminder, our commentary today wil l include non -GAAP measures. Reco nciliation s between our 
GAAP and non -GAAP results and guidance can  be found in our earnings and press release.  
 
Some of our comments today may contain forward -looking statements  that are subject to risk,  
uncertainties and assumptions , which could change. Should any of these risks materialize , or should 
assu mptions  prove to be incorrect, actual  Company results could differ  materially from these forward -
looking s tatements . A description of these risks, uncert ainties and a ssumptions , and other factors that 
could affect our financial results is in cluded in our  SEC filings, including our most recent report on Form s 
10-K, 10-Q, and other SEC filings . 
 
With that , let m e hand the call  to Mar c.  
 
Marc Benioff  
 
Well, h ey, thanks , Mike , and I  thank everyone for being on the call today.  
 
You know, as you saw in the results for the quarter, we ’ve delivered really strong revenue growth, 
profitability and cash flow , showing yet  again the resilienc e and durability of our business model in this 
economic environment.  
 
Revenue in the quarter was $7.7 billion, up 22% year -over-year, or 26% growth in constant currenc y.  
 
We had a great quarter, but yet again the dollar had an even st ronger quarter and we continue to see the 
impact on foreig n exchange and currency fluctuation on our financials. For Q2, we saw approximately 
$250 million of headwind to revenue, which is  roughly $50 million more than we assumed in our guide last 
quarter, and we now expect a total of $800 mil lion foreign exchange headwind year -over-year for the full 
fiscal year.  
 
Operating margin  in the quarter was 19.9%, and we deliver ed $334 million in op erating cash flow. Our 
Remaining Performance Obligation , or the tota l undelivered contract  value that we have with our 
customers , is really an inc redible $41.6 billion, and this is revenue signed, it ’s not yet reco gnized.  
 
Now, turning to guidance, over the last few months , I’ve met with hundr eds of CEOs , with economists, 
business leaders, political leaders, and other experts , about their business and where they see this global 
economy heading, and I don ’t thin k it’s going to surpri se anyone, everyone has got a slightly d ifferent 
answer. It doesn ’t matter who you speak to, it cou ld be a different geography, a different position,  you 
know,  everybody sees things just a slightly differen t way right now . But, what  we do know, and what I 
think everyone will agree on, is that digital transformation remains the number one priority for CEOs, and 
that every digital transformation begins and ends with the customer. That’s what continues to drive our 
business forward , and it ’s why Salesforce is the number CRM by market share globally, according to the 
IDC Sof tware Tracker.   
3 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inac curacies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesfor ce, Inc. – Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Results Conference Call, August 24, 2022 
 
Now, for tho se of you who have been on these calls with us, you know, we ’ve all been throug h a number 
of these economic cycles, and we ’ve especially seen that over our last 23 years , and o nes like this come 
around, we see cus tomers becoming more measured in the way th ey buy, sales cycles can get stretched, 
deals are inspected by higher levels of management, and all of this, we began to start to see in July. 
Nearly everyone I ’ve tal ked to is taking a more measured approach to their business. We expect t hese 
trends to co ntinue in the near term, and we r eflected this in our guidance.  
 
Given the significant impact of foreign exchange and buyers being more measured, we ’re revising our 
Fiscal ’23 revenue guidance to $30.9 billion to $31 billion, or about 17% growth year -over-year, or 26% in 
constant currency . At the same time, we ’re maintaining our Fiscal Year ’23 operating margin guide of 
20.4%, an expansion of 170 basis points year -over-year. This is further evidence that we remain deeply 
committed to consistent, disciplined  margin, cash flow and r evenue growth as part of our long -term plan 
to drive both top and bottom line performance. We have the right team, the right products, the right 
playbook for getting to $50 billion in revenue in Fiscal Year ‘26. 
 
You know, we always  get questions about our M &A strat egy and what company we ’re going to acquire 
next and what we ’re going to do next from an acquisition cycle , I think we get this question every single 
earnings call that we do like this, and it ’s always one of my favorite p arts of the call. I ’m excited to tell you 
we have found a great cloud company, growing revenue for 73 consecutive quarters, through every 
economic cycle , it’s got great cash flow, number one market share, an incredible brand, one of the mo st 
admired compan ies in the world, great values, fantastic commu nity of 17 million Trailblazers, fantastic 
commitment to its community, runs across 90 countries, and that company is Salesforce.  
 
We’re thrilled that our Board of Directors has authorize d up to $10 billion i n our first -ever share 
repurchase. This reflects the confidence we have in our business  and in our approach to generating 
shareholder value. Bret and Amy are going to expand in more detail about the b roader capital allocation 
strategy in a moment.  
 
You’ll also hear about some amazing customer wins in the quarter. I’m especially proud of a major deal 
we closed in the quarter with the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, and it ’s one of our most meaningful 
partnerships. The VA is a relationship that we ’ve bee n building for over six years, and now Salesforce is 
becoming the digital front  door for our veterans and their families. We couldn’t be more proud to do our 
part in helping those who have made sacrifices in  serving the nation.  
 
You know, it ’s been a n incr edible year so far . Being able to connect with our customers in -person again 
has been just amazing. We’ve done 63 marketin g events so far this year , hosting over 250,000  
Trailblazer , and counting, but  none is more exciting on every level than Dreamforce , and we ’re hoping to 
see all of you as we celebrate our 2 0th Dreamforce, September 2 0th through the 22nd , right here in San 
Francisco. It’s a celeb ration of our Trailblazers , and we ’re going to expect 150,000 people to be here and 
register  to attend . We ’ll also be streaming the entire three days on Salesforce+  and expect millions more 
to tune in.  We have an am azing lineup of product announcements and innovations and speakers and 
giving back. It’s going to be a big Dreamforce. It’s going to be really the bigge st Dreamforce ever, our 
20th ever Dreamforce.  
 
We’re also going to be celeb rating the impact Sa lesforce has had through our 1 -1-1 philanthropic model , 
as we ’ve now surpassed over $0.5 billion in grants, 7 million hours of volunteerism, and more than 50,000  
non-profits using Salesforce for free.  
 
At Dreamforce, the amazing Re d Hot Chili Peppers —that’s Anthony and his entire band —playing to 
everyone. They’re going to be performing at our annual benefit concert, with 100% of the proceeds going 
to our Children ’s Hospitals right here in San Francisco and in Oakland.   
4 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inac curacies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesfor ce, Inc. – Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Results Conference Call, August 24, 2022 
 
So, please , tell your fr iends, tell your firms, tell your vendors, tell everybody  to get sponsorships to 
Dreamf est, because it ’s going to be incredi ble. 
 
And, of course, you ’re all invited to our I nvestor Day  during Dreamforce on September 21.  
 
Amy, a re they inv ited even they don ’t do the Dreamf est sponsorship.  
 
Amy Weaver  
 
Yes, Marc, they ’re invited.  
 
Marc Benioff  
 
All right. Look, you ’re not going to want to miss it.  
 
Before handing off to Bret,  I’d like to congratulate Bria n Milham, our new Chief Operating Officer. Brian is 
employee number 13  and has been helping us to build this Company from its earlier days. As Chief 
Operating Officer, Brian is going to continue to lead our customer success or ganization, and now adds 
global sales to his respon sibilit ies. Bringing our incredible customer success ecosystem  and Sales Cloud    
even closer under Br ian will help us deliver to full power of Salesforce to every one of our customers in 
the new  economy.  
 
And w e’re so fortunate that Gavin Patterson is taking on this important new role as Chief Strategy Officer, 
helping us to guide our strategic direction, and thank you and congratulations to Gavin.  I’m so grateful to 
Gavin, who, for the last two years, dur ing the pandemic, has overseen one of Salesforce ’s most rapid 
growth periods in Salesforce ’s history.  
 
You know, w hen I look back over the last three years, I saw it was really two years ago, in Fiscal Year ’21, 
when we did —I’m proud —I think it was about $5.1 billion, is that right, Mike, something lik e that , and then 
last year , I think, for Q2, we did something like $6.3 billion, and now we ’re doing $7.7 billion . Did I get the 
numbers right ? 
 
Mike Spencer  
 
You did.  
 
Marc Banioff  
 
I mean, it ’s an incredib le trajectory of growth  from—over the last 24 months, and I couldn ’t be more proud 
of Gavin to help us during that period, and now Brian , in your COO role. Congratulations to Brian and 
Gavin.  
 
With that, I ’m going to turn it over to Bret.  
 
Bret Ta ylor 
 
Thanks, Marc , and congratulations Brian and Gavin.  
 
As Marc said, we had a nother strong quarter, delivering strong top and bottom line performance. Our 
results demonstrate the durability of our business model and the strength of our st rategy. Our Customer 
360 product portfolio is the industry standard and the market leader , a leader in 12 curr ent Gartner Magic  
5 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inac curacies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesfor ce, Inc. – Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Results Conference Call, August 24, 2022 
Quadrant reports1, and the plat form is helping hundreds of thousands of companies in every indus try 
digitally transform.  
 
Our technology is also deeply differentiated. Einstein artificial  intelligence  platform is now doing over 175 
billion predictions every day, just incredible.  
 
Our go-to-market capability is also unmatched in the industry. The diversity of the industries, r egions and 
lines of business w e serve has driven the durability and resilience Marc talked about, and yo u’ve seen in 
our business over the past 23 years.  
 
Finally,  our ecosystem i s unparall eled in enterprise software . As 150,000 Trailblaz ers jo in us for 
Dreamforce next month, they rep resent a global community of devel opers, administrators and ISVs 17 
million strong, that are driving what IDC estimat es to be $1.6 trillion in new business revenues by 20 26. 
 
As you heard from Marc, we ’re in a more measured buying environment . Executive Teams are 
scrutinizing all purchasing decisions, and we are seeing some deals take longer to close. I, personally, 
met with over 100 CEO s this quarter in my travels across Latin America, Europe and North America, and 
digital transformation remains their top priority, but the focus of the conversation has shifted meaningfully 
towards productivity, efficiency and time to value.  
 
In this environment, our Cus tomer 360 portfolio is uniquely positioned to enable our customers to deliver 
both growth and cost saving s, and you can see it in this quarter ’s results.  
 
Sales Cloud revenue grew 15% year -over-year, a healthy 19% in consta nt currency, including c ustomer  
wins at CDW , Zscaler and Sch neider Electric. Using our Sales Cloud and CRM analytics, Schneider 
reduced th eir close time by 30% , and with MuleSoft, they saved 40,000 hours of employees ’ time and 
saved $2.7 million in IT cost s.  
 
Service Cloud grew 14% year -over-year, or 18% in constant currency, including customer wins at the 
U.S. Department of Veterans Affair s, Wor kday and Uber. Our digital service product line, in particular, 
accelerated as customers pivoted their spend to digital technologies that reduce customer service costs. 
Uber Eats is a great example. Uber Ea ts saw a 20% improveme nt in productivity acr oss email, chat and 
phone support channels with our Service Cloud, and, more importantly, with their investment  in our 
Einstein AI chat bot, they improved their call deflection by 30%.  
 
Our Marketing and Commerce Cloud s grew, together, 17% year -over-year, o r 22% in constant currency, 
including si gnificant expansion of our relationships with Live Nati on, L ’Oréal and Tapestry. In our 
Commerce Cloud, we are seeing GMV growth decelerate, in line with the rest of the e -commerce 
industry, as consumers settle back down to pre -pandemic norms.  
 
 
1 12 current Gartner Magic Quadrant reports: Ga rtner, Magic Quadrant for Sales Force Automation, 4 August 2021.  
Gartner, Magi c Quadrant for Full Life Cycle API Management, 28 September 2021. Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Enterprise 
Integration Platform as a Service, 29 September 2021. Gartner, Magic Quad rant for Enterprise Low -Code Application Platforms, 20 
September 2021. Gartner , Magic Quadrant for the CRM Customer Engagement Center, 15 June 2021. Gartner, Magic Quadrant for 
Multichannel Marketing Hubs, 18 July 2022. Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Digital Commerce, 10 August 2022. Gartner, Magic 
Quadrant for Configure, Price and Quo te Application Suites, 21 October 2021. Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Field Service 
Management, 31 August 2021. Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Personalization Engines, 18 July 2022. G artner, Magic Quadrant for 
Analytics and Business Intelligence Platforms, 22 M arch 2022. Gartner, Magic Quadrant for B2B Marketing Automation Platforms, 
20 September 2021. Gartner and Magic Quadrant are registered trademarks and service marks of Gartner, I nc. and/or its affiliates 
and are used herein with permission. All rights rese rved. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its 
research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the hi ghest ratings or other 
designation. Gartner research publications consist of t he opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed 
as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this res earch, including any warranties 
of merchantability or fitness for a particular  purpose .  
6 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inac curacies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesfor ce, Inc. – Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Results Conference Call, August 24, 2022 
Platform,  including Slack, grew 53% , or 56% in constant cu rrency, including gr eat Slack expansions at 
organizations , like the National Weather Service, Coursera and Mercado Libre. The National Weather 
Service selected Slack as its platform to connect over 4,300 employees with emergency managers, public 
safety de cision -makers and local media partners nationwide.  
 
I’m also excited to say that we will have over 12 Slack product integrations with our Customer 360 
platform live and g enerally available  by Dreamforce. We have an incre dible opportunity  to help ever y one 
of our customers build their digital H Q and Slack in this new era of flexible work.  
 
Data, which includes MuleSoft and Tabl eau, grew 12% year -over-year, or 13% in constan t currency, with 
wins at brands like At lassian, Siemens Energy, CBRE Group and King Pow er, which is T hailand ’s leading 
travel retailer.  I’m heartened by the progress we ’re seeing in our go -to-market transformation of Mule Soft. 
We are on track to have MuleS oft return to be ing a tailwind f or revenue growth in the back half of the 
year.  
 
Finally,  our 12 industry clouds were another bright spot in the quarter, growing faster than our line of 
business clouds, as our customers are increasingly focused on time to value and reducing their 
implemen tation costs.  The out-of-the-box industry proce sses we ’ve built into our industry clouds are a 
compelling value prop osition in  this more measured buying environme nt, and I ’m excited about the new 
processes we brought to ma rket in the first half of the year, including trade promotion man ageme nt for 
consumer goods and our virtual assistant for our Financial Services Cloud.  
 
As we heard towards Dreamforce, our pace of organic innovation has never been stronger. In our 
summer re lease alone, we delivered key innovation, like rev enue intelligenc e for predic tive fore casting, 
the ability to talk to your data through Tableau , Mule Soft robotic process automation, and a new 
Lakehouse architecture for  our customer data platform , and just  this week we launched Sal esfor ce Easy, 
a new all -in-one self-service suite for sales, marketing, service and commerce, that is going to transform 
how small businesses engage with Salesforce.  
 
As you’ll hea r more from Amy, we ’re committed to durable growth  at scale , we’re committed to our 20.4% 
operating this year, and I ’m excited that we ’re announcing our first ever $10 billion share repurchase 
program  today.  
 
Our capital allocation strategy is simpl e. We will continue to expand our free cash flow margin a s we 
scale . We will invest in our organic innovation . We will reduce the i mpac t of dilution, both by offsetting 
stock -based compensation and by maintaining a healthy balance sheet to fund  any future M&A.  
 
I’m so grate ful to our 17 million Trailblazers, all  of our partners and, most impo rtantly, our employees for 
helping provide our customers with the innovation, agility and re silience they need to n avigate these 
uncertain times.  
 
Now, over to Amy to discuss the financial details of the quarter.  
 
Amy Weaver  
 
Great , thank you, Bret, and congratulations, Brian.  
 
I’m pleased to report strong top and bottom line financial results for Q 4—Q2. That is, pleased to report 
strong top and bott om line financial results in Q2.  
  
7 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inac curacies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesfor ce, Inc. – Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Results Conference Call, August 24, 2022 
As you’ve heard from Marc and Bret, our div ersified portfolio remains well positioned to help our 
customers both grow and to drive efficienc ies in their business. Our custom ers are relying on us more 
than ever to be  their trusted advisor, partnering with them on t heir digital roadmap.  
 
Now, let me  walk through our results for Q2 of Fis cal ’23, beginning with top line commentary.  Total 
revenue for the second quarter was $7.72 billion, up 22% yea r-over-year, or 26% in constant currency.  
FX continued to represent a headwind, as the dollar continued to  strengthen throughout the quarter. In 
Q2, the headwinds from FX was about $50 million more than we had guided.  
 
A few highlights from the quarter : 
 
Sales Cloud continues to be a critical piece of  our customers ’ success, helping companies drive more 
produc tive growth . In Q2, Sales Cloud grew 15% year -over-year and 19% in constant currency.  
 
Service Cloud grew 14% year -over-year and 18% in constant currency , as we help our custo mers realize 
efficiencies and cost savings.  
 
As customers focus on their digital  strategy and transformation, we continue to see growing multi -cloud 
adoption. In Q2, the numbe r of customers who have purchased fi ve or more clouds again grew in double -
digits.  
 
Slack continued to outperform our revenue expectations, with revenue of $381  million.  Slack continues to 
gain traction with customers, and in Q2, seven of our to p 10 deals included Slack, and for a fifth 
consecutive quarter, the number of customers spending greater than $100,000 with Slack grew by more 
than 40% year -over-year.  
 
Now, for a quick update on Data. I’m pleased to say that Data passed $1 billion of revenue this quarter, 
and, with that, all of our five clouds are now generating more than $1 billion in revenue a quarter. Data 
growth of 12% , or 13% in constant currency, wa s driven by MuleSoft total revenue growth of 15% and 
Tableau growth of 9%. As a reminder, approximately half of MuleSoft and Table au’s total contract value is 
recognized in -period, resulting in more quarterly volatility than our other core products.  
 
Turning to revenue attrition, rates remain at record lows, ending Q2 at app roximately 7.5%.  
 
Q2 non -GAA P operating margin was 19.9%, driven by our continued focus on disciplined decisio n-
making and prioritization.  
 
Q2 GAAP EPS was $0.07 and non -GAAP EPS was $1. 19. Mark -to market accounting of the Company ’s 
strategic investments benefited GAAP EPS by $0.03 and non -GAAP EPS by $0.04.  
 
Operating cash flow was $334 million in Q2, down 13% year -over-year. Capex was $203 million, resulting 
in free cash flow of $131 mi llion, down 24% year -over-year.  
 
Now, before getting to our RPO performance and guidance, I ’d like to address the current economic 
environment. As both Marc and Bret mentioned , we started to see more measured buying behavior from 
our customers, which bega n in the last months of the qu arter. This resulted in stretched sales cycles, 
additional deal approval layers and deal compression. In addition, we saw slowing in our create -and-
close, Slack self -serve and SMB  business es, which tend to be leading macro indi cators.  
 
Geographic ally, this behavior was most pro nounced in North America and major European markets, while 
Japan was relative ly more resilient.  
  
8 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inac curacies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesfor ce, Inc. – Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Results Conference Call, August 24, 2022 
From an industry perspective, retail , consumer goods and communications and media were the most 
impacted, wh ile high tech, energy and financial services stayed more consistent during the quarter.  
 
From a product perspec tive, commerce and marketing saw more pronounced decelerations, whi le sales 
and service remain  strong.  
 
Turning to Remaining Performance Obligation, or RPO, which represents all future revenue under 
contract, it ended Q2 at approxi mately $41.6 billion, up 15% year -over year. Current Remaining 
Performance Obligation, or CRPO, was approximately $21.5 billion, up 15% yea r-over-year and 19% in 
constant  currency. This includes one p oint of incremental FX headwind  beyond our Q2 guidance.  
 
Moving to Q3 guidance, we expect revenue of $7.82 billion to $7.83 billion, or appro ximately 14% growth 
year-over-year, and 18% in constant currency. This reflects a $2 50 million FX head wind. We also expect 
a $380 million contribution from Slack. As a reminder, Q3 represents the fi fth quarter of Slack 
contributions to revenue ; therefore,  the year -over-year growth r ates will be normalized.  CRPO growth is 
expected to be ap proximately 12% year -over-year, or 15% in constant currency, and we expect GAAP 
EPS of $0.09 to $0.10 and non -GAAP EPS of $1.20 to $1.21.  
 
Now, turning to our full year Fiscal ’23 guidan ce, we are now guiding to Fiscal ’23 revenue of $30.9 billion 
to $31.0  billion, or approximately 17% growth year -over-year, 20% in constant currency. This incor porates 
the trends in customer beh avior that we saw beginning in July. The total ye ar-over-year FX headwind is 
now $800 million, an inc remental $200 million year -over-year since our previous guidance. As a reminder, 
the cur rencies most impac ting our revenue are the euro, the British po und, the Japanese yen and, to a 
lesser extent, the Australian dollar. Our guidance continues to assume a $1.5 billion contribution from 
Slack.  
 
As a company, we remain committed to profitabi lity over the long te rm, and while we see  a more 
deliberate customer bu ying behavior, I am pleased to hold our Fiscal ’23 non-GAAP operating margin 
guidance at 20.4%, an increase of 170 basis points ye ar-over-year. This margin guidance includes 
roughly 100 basis points of headwind from Slack.  
 
As a reminder, because our r egional rev enue and expenses are generally in the same currencies, there 
tends to be a natural FX hedg e in our operating  margin.  
 
For the full year, we expect GAAP EPS of $0.38 to $0.40 and non -GAAP EPS of $4.71 to $ 4.73, and 
please rec all that our OIE and EPS guidance assumes no further mark -to-market adjust ments of our 
strategic investments portfolio.  
 
We are updating our Fiscal ’23 operating cash flow guidance to approximat ely 16% to 17% growth year -
over-year. Our guidance continues to assume a three -point headwind from c ash taxes associated with tax 
law changes requ iring the capitalization of certain R&D costs. We expect Capex to be s lightly above 2% 
of revenue in Fis cal ’23, a nominal increase over last quarter ’s guide, reflecting the revised full year 
revenue guidance. This results in free cash flow growth of approximately 18% to 19% for the fiscal year.  
 
So, to close, as our custome rs and our Exec utive Teams, including the CEO, CIO and CFO, focus on 
their digital investment strategy, we are well positioned with our divers ified product portfolio to help drive 
efficiencies and growth , and we are laser-focused on disciplined decision -making, with a commitment to 
achieving our operating margin guidance.  
 
Lastly,  let me echo Bret and Marc. We are very, very p leased to be announcing our new share 
repurchase program today. This step is  a reflection of the confidence that we have in the futur e of  
9 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inac curacies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesfor ce, Inc. – Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Results Conference Call, August 24, 2022 
Salesforce , and I look forward to seeing everyone at Investor Day on September 21, w here we will go into 
even more detail on our capital allocation strategy.  
 
Now, Emma, let ’s open u p the call for questions.  
 
Operator  
 
Thank you. We ask today that you  limit yourself to one question, please.  
 
Your first question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.  
 
Keith Weiss  
 
Excellent.  Thank you, g uys, for taking the question. I think what ’s really on top of everybody ’s mind  right 
now is the takedown in the full year revenue guide and what ’s causing that. You talked  a lot about it on 
the macro side of the equatio n, and we definitely see that all around us, we definitely see that in our 
checks, as well, but I think what people  want to understand is , is there anything more to thi s, is there 
anything more execution -related, perhaps, or go-to-market, and is the change in sales leader ship, from 
Gavin to Brian, is this in any way meant to address any shortcoming on the distribution strategy. That ’s 
part one.  
 
Part two, on the expense side of the equation, very impressive to be able to sustain a 20.4% operating 
margin target, ev en with the revenues coming down. I guess, for Amy, is there another level of kind of 
expense reductions, or  sort another gear that you have to sort of go in to, to be able to sustain that 
operating margin expansion, and does that impact your abilit y to sort of invest in the b usine ss to sustain  
those operating margins? Thank you.  
 
Marc Benioff  
 
Yes, I’m so h appy to talk to you, Keith, and I ’ll tell you that you ’re right , we took the guide down —really,  
around two points.  
 
One is the for eign exchange envi ronment , it’s obviously just unprec edented, and we  talked about that last 
quarter, as well. I think, maybe, we w ere one of the first to really see what was going on , somehow, just 
being on the ground i n some of these countries that have been so dramatically hit, but to look at where 
we are right  now at the end —look where we are right now with the euro , I think the e uro maybe just broke 
parity yesterday —we’re really in an unprecedented moment i n foreign exchange . 
 
On the other side, as I said, and I think as the team has really emp hasized, really, starting i n July, we 
started to see some metrics where we were like, yo u know, where do we exactly want to be for the year, 
what is appropria te for us, and how do we correctly characterize where the business is, and that is really 
how we kind of put together this guide, which we think is the appropriate way to communi cate the  status 
of the business, because we want to be in a place where w e’re communicating exactly where we are. I ’m 
sure Amy ’s going to amplify that, as well.  
 
Amy Weaver  
 
Sure, Marc . I think you nailed it on that. When we look at the guide, I believe  the guide is appropriate 
under the circumstances we ’re seeing right now. As you know, there ’s two key drivers.  The first part is 
FX. The key currencies , the euro, the pound , the yen, they ’ve all weakened to near historic  levels , and 
we’re seeing that impact on our t op line as we look forward  to the rest of the year.  For the remaining part, 
as we called out, there was a dis tinct sh ift in customer buying b ehavior that we saw near the en d of the  
10 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inac curacies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesfor ce, Inc. – Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Results Conference Call, August 24, 2022 
quarter, and for purposes of the guide, we ’re assuming that those condition s endure for the back half of 
the y ear. 
 
Now, turning to the second part of your question, which I think was on op margin, as you know, I was very 
happy that we are committed to 20.4%, and holding that, despite bringing down the top line.  This is 
largely c oming from a more disciplined approach. It is not a result of one single change. We are 
continuing to unlock incremental efficiencies across the business. We’re asking each leader to step up 
and look at their businesse s and pri oritize. I do believe that we  are continuing to inves t into growth, which 
still remains our number one priority.  
 
In terms of the specific drivers, definitely continuing to take a measured approach , and a very  deliberate 
approach, on hiring . On T&E, we are prioritizing f or customer -facing travel, and, again, we are continuing 
to benefit from some of the decisions we ’ve made over the last few years on real estate.  
 
Operator  
 
Your next question c omes from the line of Brent Thill with Jefferies. Your line is now open.  
 
Brent Thill  
 
Good afternoon . Marc, I ’m curious if you could talk about Brian ’s new role? I think there ’s a lot of concern , 
as the new Head of Sales com es in, that the re’s some transition period. Can you just address this 
transition period? I know he ’s been with the Company f or over 20 years and highly regarded, but there ’s a 
lot of inves tors that would love to hear your perspective on this.  
 
Marc Benioff  
 
Well, that would be my pleas ure. I mean, I think a lot of you know Brian. He’s been a trusted part of our 
Management Team for over 20 years. Look, the last time he was the Head  of Sales was only two years 
ago. When we went into the pandemic and went through the transition with Keith , you may remember I 
put Brian in for, I think, one or two quarter s to run global sales, he did a fantastic job. He didn’t want to 
continue with it, so we asked Gavin to step up from his r ole of —I think it was International Chairman or 
European Chairman, I can’t remember , honestly , and really proud of Gavin for the last now two years, 
and then Brian  is right here and I asked Brian if he would come and take this forward, and he agreed, and 
I couldn ’t be more grateful for that , and I know we have just a trusted hand.  
 
In terms of a transition period, I couldn ’t imagine anybody who will operate the org anization so seamlessly 
and transparently, and with ease. Everybody has such a good relationship already with Brian. Here, he 
runs our forecast calls, he ’s already been a key part of our sales program. I don ’t expect any transition 
period at al l, and I ’m holding him to that, actually.  
 
Bret Taylor  
 
The only thing I just want to add is Brian has been running our customer success, professional services 
and partnership organization for a long time . I think the story of th e pandemic has been our historically 
low attrition rates and our focus on customer outcomes , and I’m real ly excited about the opportunity of 
bringing our global sales organization together with our customer success organi zation. It ’s a re ally 
important part of our philosophy and I think this mo ve really reflects … 
 
Marc Benioff  
 
Well, it definitely surprised both of us, right?   
11 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inac curacies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesfor ce, Inc. – Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Results Conference Call, August 24, 2022 
 
Bret Taylor  
 
Yes. 
 
Marc Benioff  
 
I mean, how low attrition Brian has been able to get, and how great a job he ’s done.  
 
Bret Taylor  
 
And deeply connecting that success mo tion to our sales motion, I think  reflects a philo sophical view from 
Marc and me about , really, our philosophy.  
 
Marc Benioff  
 
Brian, can you just step out of the room while we finishing answering this? Do you want to just comment 
on this?  
 
Brian Milham  
 
Yes, first of all, I ’m humbled by the opportunity, and, Marc, to your comments, I ’ve been very close to this 
business for the past two -and-a-half y ears, working side -by-side with Gavin. I , actually, was operating in a 
COO role for him running this business,  and I think it ’s critical , as we look at sort of the second half of this 
year, and beyond, this motion of customer success and sales together  will drive the outcomes that we ’re 
looking for and our customers are looking for, and so I ’m thrilled, thrilled w ith the results we ’ve seen on 
the attrition side, thrilled with the results that the customers are getting from the investment th ey’re 
making in our technology, and just so excited to lead the sales  … (cross talking).  
 
Marc Benioff  
 
Can you just ad dress Br ent’s direction question on transition time ? How hard of a transition is this going 
to be … (cross talking).  
 
Brian Milham  
 
I think it was measured hours, actually, Marc. I ’ve been running the forecast calls a lready. I ’m in the 
business, you know, trav eling to see customers. I met with four customers yesterday. There will be no 
transition time. There are no big changes that we ’re going to be making in our go -to-market, other than 
getting closer to our customers, ensuring that we ’re delivering value to them in every single transaction 
that we ’re working on with them . So, very excited to take this on  with zero transition time.  
 
Brent Thill 
 
Thank you. 
 
Operator  
 
Your next question comes from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays. Your line is now open.  
 
Raimo Lenschow  
  
12 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inac curacies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesfor ce, Inc. – Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Results Conference Call, August 24, 2022 
Thank you. Obviously, the slowd own that we ’re seeing —or the lengthening of sales cycles , it’s nothing 
that is kind of unique to you guys , and we heard from other vendors, as well. Can you talk a little bit abo ut 
what you see i n terms of clien t prioritization  in terms of cert ain projects , because  I do remember from the 
old times that the front office always had higher priority because it ’s revenue generati ng, etc.? Are you 
seeing that now happenin g, as well, and can you speak to that? Thank you . 
 
Bret Taylor  
 
Yes, thanks for the question. First, I ’ll tell you, I think that trend continues. Digital transformation remains 
out customers ’ top priority, and digital transformation starts and ends wi th the customer. Fundamentally, 
all of our customers are really investing into the sec ular trend of the digitization of their customer 
experience, their employee experience, and with our portfolio, we ’re at the top of that list.  
 
I think what you ’re seeing is an increased focus on , I say, three things.  One is time to value, the other is 
ensuring th at these projects drive cost savings, in addition to customer satisfaction and top line growth, 
and then the third is red ucing complexity and  vendor consolidation.  
 
You know, so me of the stories I mentioned, like Ub er Eats, I think are great examples, because it ’s really 
about how do you put up things like digital service technology, whether it ’s chatbots or self -service, to 
really tak e out costs and make these projects pay for themselves, as opposed to having prot racted, multi-
year implementations.   
 
I think vendor consolidation is also a trend that we ’re seeing. If you look at some of the innovation we ’re 
bringing out , like our Sales Cloud Unlimited Edition or  our Salesforce Easy, which I mentioned earlier in 
my scr ipt, they ’re really efforts to enable our customers to do more with less, to enable them to use 
Salesforce as their sole vendor, take out some point solutions that perhaps aren ’t getting the return on 
investments our customers are looking for, and sort of taking advantage of this opportunity to be the most 
strategic vendor for our customers right now as they look to really ho ld their technology to high standards, 
which is drive top line and bottom line performance.  
 
Brian, is there anything you want to add?  
 
Brian Milham  
 
No, great question, Raimo, and I agree with you that front office is the priority . You heard both Marc and 
Bret, and I ’m feel ing it, too, when we ’re out talking to CEOs, digital transformation remains their number 
one priority , and we need to make sure that we ’re delivering for them. We’re also seeing it in the demand 
environment , we’re still seeing very good generation of pipeline in our business right now, and while we 
are facing some longer sales cycles and additional layers of deal appro vals and potentially some deal 
compression, the demand environment is solid. So, you ’re spot on, that we are se eing the front office as a 
priority for every CEO out there.  
 
Mike Spencer  
 
Thanks,  Raimo, and we ’ll go to the next question.  
 
Operator  
 
Your next question comes from the line of Brad Sills with Bank of America . Your line is now open.  
 
Brad Sills 
  
13 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inac curacies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesfor ce, Inc. – Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Results Conference Call, August 24, 2022 
Oh, great. Thanks for taking my q uestion, and thanks for all the color on where you saw the macro 
impact. It sounds like S MB, marketing , commerce,  the co re sales and service looks to have held in nicely. 
You didn’t call out enterpri se. So, any specific color on how the core business and the large enterprise, 
those bigger expansion deals in the core track this quarter ? Thank you so much.  
 
Bret Taylor  
 
I’ll start, and then, Brian, I ’d love your commentary, as well.  
 
As you said, I think the story, actually, the past number of quarters has been the strength of our core 
CRM business. Sales Cloud gr owing at 19% in constant currency is remarkable. This is the pro duct that 
Marc and Parker built 23 y ears ago  doing—so much revenue, growing at 19% is incredible, and you ’re 
seeing it just in, I think , the continued strength in our core business.  
 
The other thing I wanted to call is our attrition rate being at historic al lows, as well, and I think it real ly 
reflects the strength of our busines s.  
 
As Amy articulated, as it re lates to SMB  GMV deceleration, we ’re seeing things settle down to pre -
pandemic norms, but I still see incredible strength in our core CRM business in the enterpri se. As I said, I 
think the durability of our business really rests on the durability and dive rsity of our portfolio, the diversity 
of the industries that we serve and the diversity of the segmen ts that we serve.  
 
Brian, is there any color yo u want to add?  
 
Brian Milham  
 
Yes, well said. The Sales and Service Cloud are sort of the centerpiece of our digital transformation for 
our customers, and you saw the growth in the quarter, and we expect that to continue. We are seeing 
some compression in some of the  larger transactions in our enterprise business, and it ’s not a surprise, 
I’ve lived through three of these cycles before, and you can see that maybe p eople take a more 
measured approach to their digital transformation, maybe starting with a sma ller piece, but a land -and-
expand strategy is something we ’ve used for many, many years , seed-and-grow is a strategy we ’ve used . 
So, despite the fact that maybe some of these engagements are a bit smaller, we do se e acceleration in 
these customers in quart ers to come.  Yes, there was compression out there in some of the business, but 
we are very confident we can go execute against the opportunity in front of us in these large enterprise 
accounts going forward , with digital transformation being a top priority . 
 
Operator  
 
Your next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.  
 
Kash Rangan  
 
Thank you very much. Lots of exciting news for Salesforce. Congrats on al l the changes.   
 
My question  maybe —Brian,  congrats to you, as well, in your new position.  What would you do to turn 
around the Data Cloud? I know, clearly, it has had some very significan t momentum, but I can, in some 
sense, look at the new guidance versus the old and say a lot of that delta is ba sically the slowd own in the 
growth rate in the Data Cloud  that is the Tableau and MuleSoft business. Brian, I wanted to g et your 
opinion on that.  
  
14 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inac curacies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesfor ce, Inc. – Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Results Conference Call, August 24, 2022 
And as the Management Team, as you  talk to customers —and, Mar c, you ’ve been th rough these cycles 
before —what are customers sa ying as to when they might re -engage at the same level of enthusiasm 
with Salesforce,  be it deal si ze or close rate? What are the things t hat they ’re looking from a macro 
perspective or leading indicators in th eir business, so it coul d be back to re -engagi ng the way they used 
to re-engage with Salesforce? Thank you so much.  
 
Brian Milham  
 
First of all, Kash, thanks for the question, and appreciate th e kind comments.  
 
On the Data business, it ’s a unique b usiness for us, because some of it is license -based, a nd you can 
tend to see some of the headwinds we saw in July s how up more immediately there. We feel very good 
about where both those businesses are right no w. Particularly , in MuleSoft , that, as you heard Bret say , is 
on a great trajectory and will be a ta ilwind to our r evenue growth in the second ha lf of this year , we feel 
great about that. Tab is a critical component of our digital transformation , with every customer wanting to 
leverage data to have better insights into the way they operate their business . Clearly , a lot of fo cus on 
these businesses, because it is such a critical component of every digital transformation. We feel great 
about both those, both integration and analytics as a categor y for accelerated growth in the second ha lf, 
so no big con cerns there at all.  
 
I would say, on your second question, we are not economists, and so we ’re not going to guide on when 
people are going to feel like they ’re coming out of this . We think we ’re being appropriate with our guide for 
the second hal f of the year , based o n what we saw tr anspire in July.  
 
Marc and Bret, I don ’t know if you have any comments on it.  
 
Marc Benioff  
 
Well, I think the main piece that I would really focus on is really going to be spending as much time as I 
can with customers a t Dreamforc e. This is our opportunity to really understand deeply , across a wide 
spectrum of our customers, geographies, verticals, what it is that they are seeing in their own businesses.  
I think, when you look at these customers —we mentioned one, L ’Oréal. This has just been an incredible 
success story for us. We see the B2C story . They’re using Marketing Cloud and Commerce Cloud  and 
Service Cloud. The Commerce Cloud story is incredible, where they have almost 200 sites globally n ow 
for all of their brands. They’ve got highly customized experiences on the web and mobile and in -store 
for—I’m sure a lot of you  use the Kiehl ’s brand, you know, it ’s a great product , they have a whole new 
skin hub. They’ve been with us —they’ve really, you know, reimagined their business us ing Customer 360. 
It’s a company  that we ’re going to feature and focus and talk about and inspire others at Dreamforce.  I 
think, when you see stories li ke that, when you look at all the stories that we ’ve seen, especially during 
this pandemic surge over th e last two years, it ’s incredible  what folks h ave done with their businesses .  
 
When we get to this moment, I don ’t thin k it’s a huge surprise that customers are more measured. 
Everybody is, like, wondering exactly where the economy is going and how things  are moving forward . 
So, this is a point where people are taking a little bit of a breath and then they will reassess , and then 
when they get their confidence and kind of full vision for the next stage of their co mpany, the y come in, 
and until then it ’s a lot of the transactional business that we would normally see and move forward with.  
 
Operator  
 
Your next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with UBS. Your line is now open.  
 
Karl Keirstead   
15 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inac curacies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesfor ce, Inc. – Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Results Conference Call, August 24, 2022 
 
Thank you. Maybe I’ll direct this to Marc and Amy, and  it’s about the $10 billion share repurchase , so 
maybe a two -parter . Marc, maybe for you, why do you think this is the right time in the Company ’s 
development to move forward with your first large repurchase; and then, secondly, should everybody on 
the lin e interpre t this as a signal that perhaps large M&A may be off  the table for now? Thanks so much.  
 
Marc Benioff  
 
Well, it’s a great question, and I ’ll tell you this was kind of a —I looked at this quarter very much as kind of 
a milestone. I ’m a big of SAP a nd I have a lot of respect for their busin ess and what they ’ve done in the  
market over the last 40 —almost 50 years, and to see our business in July do more than they reported in 
June in terms of revenue, that was very meaningful to me, and I ’m very gratefu l and proud of our team for 
kind of hitting this tremendous level of scale. But, at that same moment, I kind of also c an say, okay, what 
are some cha nges that we can make, and one of the things —we have such massive cash flow, that I 
think it ’s completely a ppropriate for us to look at h ow we ’re handling our dilution, for example. I think 
that’s been on the table for a while , and a lot of my conversations with investors, they bring it up.  We’ve 
waited for that moment, and I think now is the right moment, wher e we can say we ’re going to directly 
address this with our kind of first ever share repur chase, $10 billion . I’m very excited about it.  
 
At the same time, I don ’t that that takes M&A off the table. I think that we continue to look for 
opport unities. We wan t to be able to use our cash constructively. This is importan t for us. It doesn ’t mean 
that we ’re not going to have different kind of guardrails for M&A.  
 
Bret, do you want to just address that point?  
 
Bret Taylor  
 
Yes, I think, Marc, you articulated it we ll. I mentioned this before, but the pillar s of our capital allocation 
strate gy are , number one, that we ’re going to continue to become more profitable to generate expanded 
free cash flow over time , that’s what Marc was saying … 
 
Marc Benioff  
 
Yes, thank y ou for saying that.  
 
Bret Taylor  
 
You created a great business model in Software -as-a-Service, Marc, and I think … 
 
Marc Benioff  
 
I think , bravo  (phon), commit ting to thi s. Committing to the margin for the year is so critical, as well, fo r our 
investors.  
 
Bret Taylor  
 
It is, and  number two, we ’re going to invest in organic innovation. We talked a  bit on —there was a 
question  to Amy earli er on investment. I’m so proud of our investment organic innovation , you’ll see a lot 
more at Dreamforce , but I think we ha ve a better pace of organic i nnovation tha n we ’ve had in our history.  
 
Then, finally, we want to reduce t he impact of dilution, which is feedback I ’ve gotten from all of you, and 
we’re fo cused on offsetting our stock -based compensation, and we ’re also focu sed on maintaining a  
16 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inac curacies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesfor ce, Inc. – Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Results Conference Call, August 24, 2022 
healthy balance  sheet, because we u nderstand that ’s an incredible piece  of leverage we have for future 
M&A.  I think this is a way  that we can continue to acquire in the future. It’s been a bi g part of our 
Company ’s history , it’ll be a big part of our future, but do so in a way that minimizes the impact  of dilution 
and it does it in a more shareholder -friendly way.  
 
Marc Benioff  
 
You can see, like, we ’ve picked up some great companies, whether it was ExactTarget, which was kind of 
the be ginning of really augmenting Customer 360 with our Marketing Cloud, and then mo ving on to 
MuleSoft was amazing , it’s really provide d all the integration and the connectivity , and then on to Table au 
and g etting this exten sion of the analytics , so important to so many of our largest customers , and then 
Slack . I just mentioned L ’Oréal. It’s an incre dible Slack story. They’ve streamlined  their commu nication . 
They have that awesome brainstorm event. Have you seen that , Bret ? It’s that w orldwide innovation 
compet ition that they do. They’ve got more than 83,000 student participants, 65 countries. They use 
Slack to drive that thing forward . You look at that and you ’re like—we’re a different company, because we 
had an acquisition strategy ov er the last decade , I don ’t think we necessarily need to break that, but at the 
same time we need to be paying attention to dilution  and the overall —you know, making sure we have 
the correct capital allocation strategy, as well.  
 
Amy Weaver  
 
Yes, Marc, I think that ’s really it. When we look at this, I think this is very much a natural evolution of our 
capital allocation strategy . What it really comes down to is that we believe Salesforce is positioned for 
success over the long term, and t his announcement reflects the confidence that  we have in our business  
as we look forward  and our approach to generating shareholder value.  
 
Marc Benioff  
 
Yes, and I really think that when we get to Dreamforce, when you see  how we brought all of these 
platforms together , integrated them, you ’re going to see some really powerful integration capabilities. You 
already saw some of it at the World Tour in New Y ork, with kind of the first level of the customer data 
platform.  You’re going to see a wh ole another e xtension of that kind of capability when we get  to 
Dreamforce, and it ’s a—I think, as Bret  said, it ’s a very exciting moment in time when it comes to 
innovation with the Company.  
 
Operator  
 
Your next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore. Your line is now open.  
 
Kirk Materne  
 
Yes, thanks very much . I think this one ’s for Bret. Bret, I was just wondering if you could go into the 
industry cloud strategy a l ittle bit , what you ’re seeing going on there, and could you jus t talk a little bit 
about how imp ortant that strategy is as budgets  come under more str ess, and the ability for you all to go 
deeper with your cus tomers on an industry basis ? I was just kind of curious if  you could give us an upd ate 
on that  and then how that strategy maybe plays out in a more choppy macro backdrop? Thank you. 
 
Bret Taylor  
 
Yes, thanks, Kirk. We have 12 industry clouds, spanning a wide rang e of industries, where I think CRM is 
particularly strategic , from financial services to healthcare to consumer goods and manufacturing. You 
can think of our industry clo uds as, essentially, taking  the Customer 360 , sales, service, marketing, e - 
17 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inac curacies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesfor ce, Inc. – Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Results Conference Call, August 24, 2022 
commerce, Tab leau, MuleSoft, Slack and building industry -spec ific processes and workflows that work 
out of the box , and as you ’re so rt of alluding to, there ’s a lot of value for our  customers.  
 
Number one they don ’t need to pay us or prof essional services firms to implement the table  stakes for 
their digital transformation, it works out of the box. That means they can focus their investment resources 
in the areas of their busine ss th at are differentiated , it means they get faster time to value, and it means 
that these processes are stick ier, which is why our industry clouds have low er attrition rates than our line 
of business clouds.   
 
It's been a huge area of growth fo r us. Actually,  a lot of credit to our Chief Produc t Officer, David 
Schmaier, who actually —his company, which we acquired a couple of years ago, Velocity, was actually  
an independent software vendor that built industry solutions on top of  our platform and has been a stro ng 
advocate for this strategy internally.  It’s a huge part of our go -forward stra tegy. If you have an option to 
buy one of our industry clouds, why wouldn ’t you? You have more works out of the box, yo u get faster 
time to value . So, it ’s a huge area of inve stment for us.  
 
I think the thing that we do really uniquely, though, and Marc alluded to it, is it ’s really all in one integrat ed 
platform. If you buy our Financial Services clou d, you get all the capabilities of our Salesforce Cloud, of 
our Service Cloud , of our customer data platform, all in one integrated technology platform. It’s very 
unique in the industry, and I think in this more measured buying environment, it will becom e even more 
important. Actually,  it was importa nt prior this this, a s well. I t hink it reflects our alignment with our 
industr ies go-to-market motion and vertical go -to-market motion, and really f ocused on del ivering faster 
time to value to our customers.  
 
Kirk Materne  
 
Thank you. 
 
Operator  
 
Your last question today comes from the li ne of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.  
 
Phil Winslow  
 
Hey, thanks for taking my que stion. I wanted to focus in on Slack. Slack again outperformed revenue 
expectations , and, obviously, the large deal metrics are impressive, too , but w hat’s driving the continued 
demand for Sl ack, let ’s say, relative to some of th ese other vendors that are he avier in  the telephony or 
the video segments of UCaa S, tha t, frankly, have been delivering weaker result s? Are you seeing str ong, 
call it, standal one demand  for Slack as a horizontal messaging platf orm, or are the Salesforce 
integrations that you highlighted driving more attach as a collaboration hub of Slack in the context of 
multi -cloud deployments? Thanks.  
 
Bret Taylor  
 
Yes, I’ll take that one. This is Bret. We are really happy with th e performance of Slack. I think —you know, 
it’s interesting . We acquired Slack in the m idst of this pandemic and now we ’re coming out of the 
pandemic into this new era of flexible work. Office occupancy rates are at his toric lows. If you look at th e 
lines of business t hat we serve, like customer ser vice, I ’ve met tens, or maybe even hundre ds, of 
Exec utive Teams whose contact centers are no longer buildings, they're literally just in the cloud now, and 
people a re wearing headsets in their kitchens and basements to answer your phone call. If you think 
about what it means to build an employee experience, to build a customer experience  in this new era of  
18 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inac curacies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesfor ce, Inc. – Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Results Conference Call, August 24, 2022 
flexible work, Slack is really at the center of those conv ersations , and  that’s why it was such a strategic 
acquisition for us , because one plus one is truly e qual to much more than two.  
 
When I talked about the innovation we ’re going to deliver at Dreamforce, it ’s acr oss every single one of 
our clouds. We’ve been saying, how do we help our customer  whose headquarters is now digital 
transition their CRM, transition their employee experience with this new era of flexible work. We’ve seen  
great wal l-to-wall engagements, li ke Mercado Libre, one of the customers I mentioned in my s cript, but it ’s 
also really important that we ’ve invested in integrating Slack with Customer 360, so that when we have a 
conversation , say, with a retailer  preparing for  Cyber Week, we ’re coming not just w ith our Marketing 
Cloud and our Commer ce Cloud and our Service Cl oud, but with a Slack Connect ch annel that they can 
use as a command center for Cyber Week.  
 
That’s key to our go -to-market motion , and I don ’t think that it ’s at the expens e of what you called 
“standalone ”. When we land a deal, say, for a marketing department, Slack has such wonderful organic 
viral adoption, that a year or two late r, we ’re selling to the whole company, and I really think that ’s key to 
our go -to-market motion , and Slack is a relevant driver for every single one of the  clouds in our Customer 
360. 
 
Marc Benioff  
 
Yes, and I think a lot of the  reasons that we bought the company, you know, that they really co uld benefit 
from our credibility with customers an d our distribution capacity, have really paid out, it ’s such a great 
produc t. In June, you probably know that Bret and I did the World Tour in New Y ork, many of you we re 
there, but the day before wa s the Frontiers Conference for Slack, and if you haven ’t looked at the demo, 
you really shou ld, because the product has come a long w ay since we bought the company. It’s an 
incredible piece of technology.  
 
Bret Taylor  
 
Voice,  video. I mean, it ’s incredible , yes.  
 
Marc Benioff  
 
You have to see it to believe it. I mean, don ’t you agree? Like, it ’s something that ’s like really —and for a 
lot of you who are coming to Dreamforce, I think you ’re goin g to see how a lot of our produ cts have 
become Slack -first, and also the number of integrations that we ’re going to be able to kind of bring forth —
how many integrations now do you have with these co re clouds that you ’ve been able to put together?  
 
Bret Taylor  
 
We have 12 in tegrations with —and the reason there ’s so many is because it includes our industry clouds, 
not just sales, service, marketing and commerce. But, Marc, (inaudible) something remarka ble. Huddles, 
which is the name of the new audio and video capabilit ies S lack Introduced , now accounts for 34% of all 
commun ication inside of Salesforce.  
 
Marc Benioff  
 
Isn’t that awesome . 
 
Bret Taylor  
 
It’s completely transformed the way we work, and I ’m pretty confid ent it’ll transform all of our customers.   
19 
ViaV id has mad e considerable eff orts to pr ovide an accurate transcription . There may b e material errors, omissions, or inac curacies in the 
reporting of  the subs tance of the confere nce call . This transcript is being made available for info rmation purposes only.   
1-888-562-0262    1 -604-929-1352    www.via vid.com   
  Salesfor ce, Inc. – Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Results Conference Call, August 24, 2022 
 
Marc Benioff  
 
We’ve even integrated Slack with Tableau, which is really  cool, right, because you can do collaborative 
analytics.  
 
Bret Taylor  
 
And with the capabilities we launched to allow you to tal k to yo ur data, this is happening inside of Slack. 
It’s just an incredible capability, and, as I said, a relevant driver for all of our customer engagements  and 
a wonderful way to, I think, drive and accelera te Slack adoption , that they would ha ve had inde pendently.  
 
Marc Benioff  
 
But a lot of our customers still haven ’t seen this, and I thi nk that ’s why I ’m so excited about D reamforce,  
because when you come to Dreamforce, when you see the keynote, obviously, this will be highlighted, 
and I think customers will see in real  time what we saw, for example , at Front iers. Even we didn ’t really 
have the opportunity, because the code was so fresh , to integrate it into our World Tour keynote, which 
Bret and I have lamented many time s, but I think that when you start  to see the incredible innovation s that 
have happen ed in the Salesforce core clouds, like Sales, like Service, Marketing, Commerce, even 
Tableau, you combine that with Slack, you bring that in to the Customer 360, with MuleSoft, the single 
source of truth, the way it ’s all being integrated with this customer data platform, I don ’t think anyone else 
has this vision or is trying to even to execute it.  
 
I told you the L ’Oréal story, I said it qui te a few times, you ’re going to see that at Dreamforce in real tim e, 
and you ’ll see many other stories, because I thin k for us, just trying to communicate our vision, this is like 
probably the most exciting thing going on  here. We just brought 500 of our top executives together for our 
kind of second half kick -off and sh ow them what we ’re so excited  about, and I don ’t think anybody walked 
away not thinking that, you know, we ’ve not only got a world -class product that ’s highly differe ntiated, but , 
really, where a lot of ou r customers are t rying to get to in the next level of their customer experience.  
 
Bret’s made the point , Amy’s made the point, Brian ’s made the point, that digital transformation is 
underway , but we all know that every digital transformation is beginning and ending with the customer, 
and you ’ve got to hav e this beginning . You have to kind of begin with the end in mind , and that ’s all about 
building thi s Customer 360, and you ’re going to this at scale when we all get to Dreamforce, and I l ook 
forward to y our feedback then.  
 
Mike Spence r 
 
Thanks,  Phil, and w e want to thank everyone for joining us today, and we look forward to seeing 
everyone over the next quart er. 
 
Operator  
 
This concludes today ’s conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.  